This is episode TWO OF THE AI DUNGEONS
AND DRAGONS ADVENTURE, where three AI
characters attempt to survive through
six different scenarios and defeat the
final boss of Twitch chat at the very
top of the map. And this time, we
created three absolutely deranged AI
characters, including Spruce Lee, the
living tree ant who wants to be an
action movie star. And he talks like
he's narrating a summer movie trailer.
Yippy, [__] This summer,
spruce yourself up because shit's about
to get real [__] cinematic.
>> Time to turn up the heat, [__]
>> What a tree. I'd follow him to the ends
of the earth. I would. Next up is
Whimsy, a seductive succubus who charms
her enemies with a sultry voice.
>> Careful, Doug Doug. Or you might find
yourself begging me for mercy.
>> Oh my. Okay.
>> Or perhaps for something even more
threat. I feel like I might need to tone
down Whimsy 2BH with you guys. But she
also transforms into an extremely
annoying frog character whenever she
takes damage.
Time for a froggy hop rescue mission. I
thought that was like a fastened seat
belt sign in a plane. This guy sucks.
Everybody hates Whimsy. I I don't
actually know which version of whimsy
they like or hate. We love Whimsy. Well,
hold on. Before you say that, listen to
her [music] literal first answer. She
might suck. Okay, get ready for the we
hate whimsy subreddit to pop off. r/w we
love whimsy. [laughter] That's not real,
is it? Holy [__] it's Whimsy. I can't
wait for Whimsy to die like immediately
in the campaign. And finally, we have
Napoleon Bonapart. This is literally
just the guy from France who got
teleported into Dungeons and Dragons
somehow and now he's pissed off at the
British. Aescala, [__] Doug, you
Britishloving bastard. Jesus Christ. And
with our three characters created, we
are ready to begin. And like the
previous D and D videos, this is a
simplified version of Dungeons and
Dragons. But the key thing is that if
any character loses all three of their
hearts, they are permanently dead for
the rest of the campaign. Yes, this is
perma death. All right, let's start the
adventure. For months now, the land of
Dougtopia has been stuck in a repetitive
time loop. Each week, this world
completely resets. Everything repeats
itself over and over, week after week,
even after it gets really boring and
it's not funny anymore. Who would do
such a thing? Who would find such
repetitiveness in the land entertaining?
Eager to stop the loop, three
adventurers agreed to work with the
great wizard Doug Dug. The wizard with a
full head of hair walks forward to the
three of you and says, "Adventures, I am
the wizard Doug Dug. Look at my full
head of hair." And you admire and notice
how there is a lot of hair on the top of
his head. It looks like he drew it on
actually before the stream started. But
anyways, he says, "Through great
research, I think I may have found the
culprit of this dastardly time loop that
we've all been stuck in. The creator of
the loop is none other than Twitch chat,
which makes sense cuz they're the only
ones in this whole land who thinks
repeating the same joke over and over is
funny." And you can very faintly hear
somebody in the far distance to the
north yelling bald repeatedly, followed
by a lot of people saying, "Omega lol."
True. Doug Doug the Wizard continues.
But fortunately, I have a plan. I
believe this time loop can be broken if
you travel north and defeat Twitch chat
and their source of power at the
Obsidian Peak. And there's a big
dramatic boom. It will be treacherous.
Doug Doug continues. But I believe that
only you can do it. Please, adventurers,
will you travel north and free us from
the time loop? In a world where time
loops [__] [__] up, three unlikely
heroes step forth to save the day. Led
by the most badass [__] tree you've
ever seen, Spruce Lee dramatically
shakes his lush foliage, sending owls
fluttering into the air for maximum
cinematic effect. Napoleon Whimsy, get
your asses on set. IT'S TREE TIME,
[__] CINEMA
>> [__] Okay. God, I [__] love Spruce
Lee. And now, let's hear from Whimsy.
>> Oh, stopping Twitch chat sounds sinfully
delightful. Doug dog purr hot Whimsy.
Okay, I tried to turn down seductively
toward the wizard, tracing a finger
along his poorly drawn hair.
>> It's real hair.
>> I do love breaking things, especially
loops and [music] hearts. So, count me
in, darling. Let's make some chaos.
>> Okay. And is Napoleon Bonapart in or
does he just like leave and go back to
France? I don't know.
>> Ah, Doug Doug, you hairy batard. You
expect me, the greatest [__]
tactician in France Histo waste my time
fighting these ridiculous twitch chat
British wannabes.
>> Wait, he's not going to come?
>> Generals, we're going north to crush
these repetitive idiots and Wellington
stole Waterloo from me. Napoleon grabs a
nearby quill scribbles Dougdug Bald on
the wizard's [laughter] forehead and
marches confidently northward. What the
[__] man? This team is [__] Doug
Est Bald Omega. So true. And now that
the team has committed, it is time for
the adventure of a lifetime. You travel
north out of the wizards tower and head
out onto the open road towards the
beginning of your campaign. Adventures,
we are now looking at the map. You stand
at the far south of these lands and to
the far north is the infamous Obsidian
Peak. But to travel there, you will have
to cross many caverns and crevices. In
front of you, the road splits into three
different paths. Each looks somewhat
treacherous, but from here you can't
tell which would be advantageous.
Napoleon Bonapart, do you have a sense
of where the party should head?
>> Bianur, may stupid general, the middle
path is obviously the correct tactic.
>> No enemy expects a frontal Franc's
assault because they're all cowardly
teipping British bastards. Okay.
>> Napoleon immediately kicks over a
[music] conveniently placed road sign,
crudely rewrites Napoleon's victory
route on it, and arrogantly marches
forward, muttering about how [__]
tall he is and how no anal beads in
Britain could stop him now. LEAVE THE
[__] France
adventures. After days of traveling,
your branches and legs are starting to
feel a little stiff, and you find
yourself at the entrance of a tavern in
a snowy clearing. You walk up to the
front door of the tavern and see a
bustling large tavern, one of the
biggest you've ever seen in these lands.
But two wizards in the center appear to
be fighting. The one on the left screams
OUT, "YOU FOOLBARRELED, YOU BROKE MY
WAND, AND I'LL NEVER FORGIVE YOU." On
the right, he screams out, "FLERAL, YOU
BROKE MY WAND. THIS IS THE LAST TIME YOU
MESS WITH ME." AND HE PICKS UP A NEARBY
mug and hurls it over at Flareold on the
left. These two seem like they're just
bickering school children. And in the
background, you see to the south end the
barkeep angrily SHOUTS OUT, "NOT AGAIN.
I SWEAR THIS IS THE LAST TIME YOU TWO
FIGHT IN MY TAVERN." He turns to the
entire room filled with patrons and
shouts, "If anyone here can stop these
two bozos from fighting and destroying
more of my tavern, I'll give you my
family's treasure. This has gone on too
long." But right as he finishes
speaking, the wizard on the left
screams, "I'LL STOP YOU MYSELF,
BARRELED." He aims his wand at the other
wizard and a dramatic bolt of magical
energy SHOOTS ACROSS BUT IT MISSES BADLY
AND THE GNOME WHO WAS BEHIND THEM
SUDDENLY POOFS INTO A SHEEP. THE sheep
baws pathetically. The wizard on the
right looks back furiously and raises
his want. Patrons all around look on
nervously. What do you choose to do? We
will start with you Spruely. Now it's
Spruce Lee's turn. He's a giant living
action movie tree and he's got a variety
of moves that he can use once per day
including director's cut which slashes
an enemy with his branches. Arnold throw
which hurls someone across the room and
owl attack where he sends the owls that
are living in his branches for some
reason to harass his enemies. This
summer, two wizards [__] with the
wrong [__] tree.
>> Okay,
>> prepare for an owl intervention,
[__]
>> I unleash my owl attack, sending my
co-star owls flying dramatically around
the wizard walks forward and releases
>> and clawing to [music] distract their
magical asses. Lights, camera, owl
[__] action. Take five, [__]
[laughter] Cinema.
Hold on. I don't have owls. Okay. I was
hoping for a less humanoid owl. Oh, here
we go. Oh, here we go. I think this is
the best one we got. We want the fat
owl, but it doesn't even look like it's
flying. This is stupid. It doesn't make
sense. Okay, the fat owl is just going
to sit on the table. It can walk. Okay,
fine. Spruce Lee, you step forward and
you send out your magical owls that
infest your branches. They fly forward.
Two of them harassing Flareold and two
of them harassing Barald. Now, your owls
normally just distract rather [music]
than really doing damage. But if you
roll quite well, they also get some
damage. And if they're 15 or above,
wow, 16. So, the owls rush forward and
start pecking barrel and flareral in the
eyes, THEY GO, "OH, OW, GOD DAMN IT."
BOTH OF THEM TAKE A DAMAGE. Although you
can see that they are powerful wizards
and they are still alive and kicking.
That being said, barreled over here on
the right while the owls are attacking.
Whips out his wand, tries to aim it
dramatically at them and completely
misses. And you see over at the back
wall, a piano burst into flame. As the
fire spell misses, the nearby bar
patrons look a little bit terrified.
[screaming] We're all going to die. Not
again. I didn't want to start with fire
right away, but there's a chance that
the wizard was going to miss his shots.
And you've put [__] owls on him. I
feel like it's not my fault. Whimsy,
what do you choose to do? Next up, it's
Whimsy's turn. Currently, she is in
succubus form, but again, the instant
she takes any damage, she will transform
into the annoying frog version. Her
daily moves include mega jump to fly or
jump through the air. She has a powerful
dance that can heal an ally, and charm,
which will seduce an enemy and force
them to follow her orders.
>> Oh, boys, let's put your little wands
away. There's only room for one fiery
enchantress here.
>> Oh my.
>> Hot whimsy crun seductively striding
sensually toward the flames and
dramatically using her break dance move
to spin kick a nearby keg of ale toward
the burning piano.
>> Wouldn't that
>> chaos makes me so deliciously warm?
>> Wouldn't that make it worse? Uh, all
right, Whimsy, you run up to a barrel of
ale and try to break dance kick it
towards the flames. If you roll 12 or
above, you'll get it.
Okay, this feels unnecessary. Whimsy
with powerful legs successfully kick the
barrel of ale all the way over to the
fire, at which POINT IT ABSOLUTELY
EXPLODES. IT GROWS FIVE TIMES AS LARGE.
SUDDENLY, the entire right corner of the
tavern is a flame. The sheep that was
there is running and screaming, and some
of its wool is being singed. The
bartender at the south SCREAMS OUT,
"STOP THAT. CAN'T ANYBODY PUT OUT THE
FLAMES? PLEASE, WIZARDS, SAVE MY BAR.
NAPOLEON, you're up. And now it's
Napoleon Bonapart's turn. And he's got a
few special daily moves, too. He's got
an ornate flint lock pistol that he can
fire once per day. He can temporarily
summon three soldiers from his grand
arma. And lastly, he can try to cheat by
using his vibrating anal beads. Not
actually clear what that means in the
game yet. Ale is not flammable. This is
MAGIC ALE. THIS IS the one part that's
been unrealistic to you guys. Sheeps
aren't flammable. If you put a sheet,
look, this is a magical land and you are
upset.
>> Mad general, you call this goddamn
strategy. It's worse than a British tea
party at Waterloo.
>> Okay, I told him to not mention jumps
onto a nearby table, dramatically waving
his hat, and uses rally the troops,
shouting, "Listen up, you pathetic
baguette dropping cowards. I conquered
Europe single-handedly and no flaming
[__] piano or wizardly anal beads
will stop us from victory. Viva France.
>> Okay, Napoleon, you step forward and
give a rousing speech that, to be clear,
does not address the flames in any way,
shape, or form. But if you roll a 10 or
above, then you successfully rally the
troops.
>> You failed.
>> Napoleon, you rolled a one. Your speech
is so bad that the nearby owls actually
stop and fly away from the wizards
because they're horrified to be
associated with you. Even the little fat
one that Twitch chat likes wanders away.
It looks like the flames even got louder
from that. Next are the wizards.
Flareold says, "Barold, it's time. I bet
you'd like being a frog, wouldn't you?"
And he fires off a bolt of magic energy
from his wand. But unfortunately, the
wand bolt misses and it fires over
another tavern patron who rapidly turns
into a cow. You hear the cow moo
extremely loudly and then it starts
running panicked towards the exit of the
bar. The sheep as well starts running
towards you in a panic. Multiple tavern
patrons are now on their way out the
door in a panicked rush. Spruce Lee,
what do you do? Milk the cow towards the
fire. Rated PG-13 [music]
for pervasive wizard violence.
unnecessary livestock transformations
and one pissed-off [__] tree.
>> Oh yeah,
>> I uproot a nearby tavern table
>> heaving it toward the rampaging cow and
sheep to herd them towards the wizards.
>> Okay,
>> you wizards [__] with the wrong
cinematic universe. Cinema
>> Spruce Lee, you walk up to the table
that Napoleon is on, pick it up, and
hurl it towards the animals. You try to
expertly herd them away from the exit
and into the wizards themselves. A ten
or above and you pull it off.
Unfortunately, the throw isn't accurate
enough. It misses the cow and the sheep,
but Napoleon also flies across the room
and his head slams into a table on the
other end. Napoleon, you are now
slightly dazed for the next turn.
Whimsy, what do you choose to do? You
have successfully annoyed the Yeah, the
cow's annoyed.
>> Ooh, all this destruction is getting me
all hot and bothered. Time to embrace
the chaos. Hot whimsy purr excitedly,
spontaneously grabbing a flaming chair
and dramatically twirling it above her
head.
>> Why?
>> Aiming to hurl it seductively yet
chaotically toward the fighting wizards.
Let's heat things up even more. Boys,
>> that's my whimsy. She's crazy. No, chat.
You can fix her. Okay, whimsy. You walk
to a nearby table, pick up a chair,
intentionally set it a flame on the
nearby fires that are spreading, and
attempt to hurl it over at the left
wizard, Flareold,
and unfortunately, you miss completely,
throwing a flaming chair, which hits one
of the owls from Spruce Lee, who starts
flying around in a panic while on fire.
# That's our team. Yeah, they're not
doing great. I'm going to be FR with you
guys. Dog, please spare the owl. They
can save the owl if they want. At least
it wasn't the fat one. [laughter]
So, you guys don't give a [__] about the
other three, huh? W fat owlbert.
[laughter]
Okay, I forget whose turn it is.
Whatever. The right wizard lifts up his
wand, and you notice the wand appears to
be cracked. Something is clearly wrong
with it, but he shouts out, "YOU'RE THE
ONE WHO BROKE MY WAND, AREN'T YOU,
FLAREOLD?" "I KNOW IT WAS YOU." AND HE
FIRES a bolt of magical energy at
Flareold. Let's see if it hits. [snorts]
Unfortunately, it misses and the bolt
flies past you and hits the door.
Meanwhile, more tavern patrons are
running past you towards the exit. The
cow and sheep are continuing to panic
through the room. Patrons are running,
but the tavern barkeep grabs a nearby
cask of water, runs up north, and
attempts to throw it on the flames of
what he considers to be the source of
it, the piano. Let's see if he can pull
that off.
He manages to put out some of the fire
that's on the piano, but the fire is
still spreading throughout the bar.
Napoleon, you are very dazed, but you
are up. [__] hell, Doug. You rigged
these dice like the goddamn
Britishrigged Waterloo. I'm trying to
cheat.
>> Okay, he's using his cheat power.
Napoleon dramatically waves his hat
while staggering, drunkenly screaming,
"Why is he talking? You baldy connored.
I demand a roll." Okay, Napoleon is
using his once per day cheat move. He
can cheat and demand that I change the
rules. Napoleon, I like your argument.
We will roll. If this roll is a 10 or
above, I am going to assume that the
table roll was successful and you can
heard the animals that are running
towards the wizards. 10 or above.
And it's a five. Napoleon, even while
cheating, you have no chance, but you
are kind of moved out of your stun lock.
Anything else you want to say or shout
before your [music] turn ends? DOUG, YOU
WORTHLESS BRITISH SYMPATHIZING BAGUETTE.
I've seen better rolls from Wellington's
anal beads collection.
>> Really? Generals, remind me to blame you
later for this cluster [__] worse than
water.
>> He's contributed absolutely nothing.
>> Napoleon angrily kicks a nearby mug of
ale across the room, scowlling
furiously.
>> Starts just kicking stuff. Good stuff,
Napoleon. All right, Spruce Lee, you are
now up. What do you want to do? I bet
he's going to do something awesome.
>> In a world gone [__] mad, one tree
dares to end the chaos. The director's
cut is here, [__]
>> Okay, director's cut. I dramatically
swing my branches at both wizards.
>> Both wizards
>> attempting to knock their stupid [__]
wands away and end this casting
catastrophe. That's a wrap, [__]
Cinema.
>> Okay, hold off on the cinema spam until
he's done with his move. You can't say
cinema before we even know what
cinematic thing is going to happen.
Also, I give it 30 minutes before we're
really tired of Spruce Lee. Spruce Lee,
you lunge forward and use director's cut
to swing your massive branches and
attempt to hit both wizards. We'll first
see if you hit Feral, the one in front
of you, 10 or above, and you hit him.
You smack Flareold, the wizard, forward.
At this point, he's been hit by your
owls and your branches. He stumbles
forward, and the wand clutters to the
ground. Additionally, the force from
your branches just might knock Barrel a
bit as well, but it would require a 15
or above.
Unfortunately, you don't hit the second
wizard. Whimsy, you are up. Spruce is
carrying this team. Yeah, which is
concerning. All we've accomplished is
property damage. Yeah, they're not
helping that much.
>> M seems like you're all tied up,
darling. Allow me to charm you into
submission.
>> Okay, she going to use charm.
>> Hot whimsy smirks seductively. Hot
whimsy is not using her charm move on
the remaining wizard.
>> Okay, she attempts to go charm barrel.
>> Come now, handsome, be a good boy and
end this delicious spectacle for me.
Whimsy walks up behind Barold, who is
currently looking proudly down at
Flareold, thinking he's won the match.
You whisper into his ear. His guard is
slightly lowered, nine or above, and you
convince him. And unfortunately, you
roll a three and he turns around and he
says, "I'm sorry, Whimsy. I'm gay."
Next, he steps forward looking down at
Flareold. And he says, "Ironic, isn't
it, that the fire wizard of the two of
us should die to the flames." And he
picks up Flareald and hurls him into the
charcoal fireplace of the center of the
tavern. And unless Flareold rolls a 19
or above. Oh my god, he does. He rolls
rolls over the pig and lands on the
other side, but he is still on the
ground looking hurt. Meanwhile, the
tavern barkeep rushes over AND SCREAMS,
"BAROLD, YOU WON. I'LL TAKE HIM OUT OF
HERE. JUST STOP THIS FIGHTING AND HELP
ME PUT OUT THE FLAMES." NAPOLEON, you
are up. Pathetic General. Watching your
strategy fail is more disappointing than
British cuisine. I'll handle this
myself. Napoleon arrogantly pulls out
his ornate flint lock pistol and uses
pistol fire at screaming dramatically.
EAT LEAD WAND WAVING COLORED. This is
how we do it in [__] France.
>> Okay. Napoleon walks forward and points
a pistol at the back of your head and
then he fires. Nine are above and he
hits.
Normally the flint lock pistol isn't
that powerful, but between the owls, the
fire, and most of all, thinking that
he's victorious over his arch nemesis,
Flareold, Barald doesn't suspect a thing
as his BRAINS ARE [__] SPLATTERED ALL
OVER THE FIREPLACE. Barald collapses in
a heap, broken, bloodied, and bruised.
The barkeep turns to you and says, "Oh
my god, is that a gun? I've only heard
of those in Legend. I think they only
get one shot per every 24 hours
according to the game rules." Anyways,
this wizard won't be much of a threat on
his own without that god awful rivalry
going on. I should be okay to take care
of him myself and the rest of you can
leave. I guess you can have some ale if
you want before you go. All right, the
bar is still on fire. Fortunately, while
the fire is still spreading, the barkeep
runs to attend to it. The chef comes
from out of the kitchen and help him as
well. Looks like the flames should be
under control. Most of the patrons
running [music] away are looking back.
It seems like the worst of it is maybe
over and probably the sheep and the cow
will turn back to normal in just a
little bit. Seems like everything's
happy and normal when suddenly the front
door bursts open. Another wizard kicks
his way into the room and he cackles
maniacally. Yes, IT IS I, GERALD.
FINALLY, THOSE TWO nitwits are done
with. I can take the wands for myself
and he runs forward and he grabs Blald's
wand, holds it up in the sky and looks
like he's about to do something
sinister. Whimsy, you can catch what's
happening. You have just a few seconds
to stop something or interrupt him or
not. What do you choose to do? Oh,
darling Gerald, you do know how to make
an entrance.
>> Okay,
>> but let me show you how a true villain
steals the spotlight. Hot, whimsy coups
seductively, launching into a sultry,
bad jokes performance aimed directly at
Gerald.
>> This does not feel like the right time.
>> Why did the wizard bring a ladder to the
bar? Because the drinks were on the
house. M. Feel that delicious cringe,
dear. Whimsy, appreciate what you're
trying to do here. Unfortunately, this
wizard is clearly not interested in
listening to jokes right now. So, it's
going to be pretty hard to pull this
off. 15 or above and your joke will do
psychic damage.
The wizard looks at you and he says,
"That joke was bad." Anyways, he points
his wand up into the sky, cackles
maniacally. A glow starts to emanate and
he tries to cast mass polymorph, but
unbeknownst to him, the wand is still
broken. He needs a 14 or above for this
to work.
Gerald's eyes cackle with magical energy
as energies begin shooting AROUND THE
ROOM, BOUNCING THROUGH EACH ONE OF THE
PATRONS, ANIMALS, OWLS, and trees as
every person in the room suddenly
transforms
into frogs.
Someone said she's even hotter.
[laughter]
Barald laughs maniacally. I'll be the
greatest wizard in this city from now
on. And starts running towards the door.
But behind you, those flames that were
being put out are now starting to
spread. You see one of the frogs being
licked by the flames as it tries to hop
out immediately. The other tavern
patrons start hopping in frog form
towards the door, but they're moving
quite slowly. Adventures, you are now in
a precarious situation. The flames are
starting to spread. What do you choose
to do, Mabol?
General, leave it to you idiots to [__]
up so badly, I'm licking my own
delicious jams. Treasurerique. Napoleon
Frog arrogantly hops toward the
seriously croaking obscenities and
blaming the British for this amphibious
disgrace.
>> You roll a nine. You manage to hop about
halfway to the door. Spruce Lee, you are
up next.
>> In a world where frogs and flames
threaten to [__] up his big screen
debut, one badass amphibious tree hops
to glory.
>> Okay,
>> it's hopping cinematic.
>> Okay, hold your cinematic. I leap
dramatically onto the nearest
non-burning table.
>> That is
>> avoiding the spreading flames and rally
my frog co-stars with an inspiring
croaking roar.
>> Hop for your [__] lives. Amphibious
actors. This blockbuster ain't over yet.
Cinema.
>> You know what? I like that. Spruce Lee.
Instead of running for the exit, you
jump onto a table and you shout out a
rousing speech. Just maybe it'll
motivate them to hurry up. 10 or above
and it works.
Unfortunately, they're all frogs and so
they're kind of just worried about
getting out and they don't really care.
Oh, also Fat Albert. Let's see if if he
manages to get out. Nine or above.
[music]
Okay, Fat Albert successfully hops out
of the tavern. Whimsy, what do you do?
>> Time to jumpy jumpy like a silly froggy
poo. shrieks frog whimsy obnoxiously,
activating the mega jump ability to leap
insanely high toward the exit.
>> Good call.
>> Wildly flailing limbs midair. How to my
way, friends.
>> Okay,
>> it's froggy whimsy time.
>> Now, Whimsy uses one of her frog form
abilities, which makes sense. You
attempt to leap across the entire tavern
over Barald's head. I mean, Gerald six
or above and you succeed
with an 18. You jump across the entire
tavern and make it out to the front
exit. Congratulations, Whimsy. Behind
you, you see various frog patrons who
have been transformed running towards
you. Most of them seem to be fine. The
sheep and the cow who weren't
transformed, they're also running. And
some of them are at danger of being run
over by the trampling livestock.
Uh-oh. One of the frog patrons, you hear
a dramatic squish as the cow steps onto
it while hurrying towards the door.
Gerald sees this and laughs and says,
"Out of my way, frogs." while continuing
to run towards the door. Napoleon frog,
you are up. Hop faster, you pathetic
amphibious [__] Napoleon [music] Frog
arrogantly attempts to strategically
leap onto the fleeing Gerald's leg,
>> croaking insults and furiously biting at
HIS ANKLE TO SLOW HIM DOWN. TASTE LA
WRATH FRANCES, you wandw waving bastard.
>> Okay, total redemption here if he pulls
this off.
You hit a 19. As you lunge forward, you
nip him right on the legs. Barrel
screeches. He trips, falls forward, and
slams down onto the ground. The wand
clatters to the floor. Spruce Lee,
you're up. This summer, evil hits the
[__] floor. Time for a hopping Arnold
throw amphibious edition. I leap [music]
heroically, grabbing Frog Napoleon and
hurling him dramatically through the
exit, aiming to get my co-star safely
out of this flaming cluster [__]
>> Why?
>> No frog left behind, [__]
>> Cinema. I like that Spruce Lee cares for
his party like a godamn action movie
hero. Spruce Lee launches forward and
uses his massive Arnold THROW TO GRAB
NAPOLEON and hurl him safely through the
front door with Gerald on the floor.
This should be easier. 10 or above and
it works.
Unfortunately, you only roll a three.
You hurl Napoleon towards the front DOOR
AND HE SLAMS INTO THE WALL, FALLING ONTO
THE GROUND IN a stunned move. behind
you. You are noticing that the flames
are continuing to spread towards the
remainder of the tavern and the frog
body of old Flareold is sadly caught
amongst the flames. Why are you defacing
for Flareold? That guy sucked. Whimsy,
you are at the front door. What do you
do?
>> Wee! Time for froggy rescue dance.
>> She can heal. Whimsy is the healer. Frog
whimsy, hopping and twirling chaotically
into a silly dance move
>> aimed at healing and helping Napoleon
recover.
>> Okay, might actually do something
helpful.
>> Nobody squishes my adorable froggy
friend
>> jumps up and starts break dancing next
to Napoleon 11 or above and it succeeds
and Napoleon is healed.
>> Unfortunately, your dance is unpracticed
and difficult to coordinate as a literal
frog. You just kind of smudge around on
the ground a little bit. Meanwhile, the
cow runs towards the front door. Frogs
are running towards the front door as
Gerald attempts to pick himself up from
Napoleon's attack. The sheep also runs
by directly in the path where he was
standing.
>> And unfortunately for Bour Gerald, THE
SHEEP STEPS ONTO HIS FACE, TEMPORARILY
BLINDING HIM, AND THEN STEPS ON THE
MAGIC WAND THAT WAS ON THE FLOOR,
SHATTERING IT INTO FOUR DIFFERENT PIECES
WITH MAGICAL energy dissipating into the
air. The sheep manages to successfully
escape the tavern. And Gerald is looking
worse for wear. Napoleon frog, what do
you do? The sheep is the real hero.
>> Say fine, Gerald. You pacetic wand
breaking British [__] Meet your
waterloop. Courtesy of French genius on
the air.
>> This is This is Napoleon.
>> Napoleon frog leaps [music] aggressively
onto Gerald's face. Furious
French insult move into his ear.
He said, "You have bread in your ass."
Napoleon attempts to jump onto Gerald.
Unfortunately, he is a little bit
confused right now and stunned from
being thrown at the wall by Spruce Leaf
Frog. So, you're going to have to roll a
14 or above for this to work.
Uh, Napoleon, you land at top Gerald,
confusing him even more, but he doesn't
appear to be hurt by your attack. Spruce
Lee. In a world where frogs fight
wizards, one [__] [music] amphibious
legend makes the ultimate heroic leap
for cinema.
>> I knew we wouldn't just go for the exit.
>> I dramatically leap onto the [music]
cow's back, using it as a majestic
cinematic steed, riding triumphantly out
the flaming tavern door. [laughter]
Time to movie the [__] out,
[__]
Cinema. [laughter]
>> Okay, the cow is already on the way out.
That's easy to do. Five or above AND
THAT WORKS.
OKAY. And you roll a three. And as
awesome as it looks, Spruce, as you jump
towards the cow, you misjudge, fall off,
and get kicked by one of the cow hooves
as he runs out the door. And you notice
as you look up at the cow running out
the flaming tavern that the cow looks so
cool right now, whimsy, what do you want
to do? They have rolled so badly. It's
unbelievable how incompetent this party
has been. Wee! I'm the froggiest frog
diva around. Squeals Frog Whimsy
hopping around,
>> accidentally tripping over her own legs
and tumbling head first into Gerald's
face.
>> Okay.
>> Oopsy daisy. Froggy hug attack. Ribbit
ribbit chaos.
>> I'm not even clear what you're trying to
do. Okay. You jump forward onto Gerald's
face and I guess try to like cover his
mouth so he can't breathe. That's [__]
up. I mean, he is on the floor 10 or
above and it works.
>> Whimsy, you feel in midair that this
attack is going to be the most
successful thing you've ever done in
your life. What specifically do you do
to this wizard? Whatever you want, let
me know.
>> Ribbit, ribbit, chaos, baby. Frog Whimsy
shrieks obnoxiously.
>> Oh god. accidentally landing bottom
first onto Gerald's mouth and smothering
him with her froggy derriè.
>> Okay.
>> Oopsy dupsy froggy booty attack. Nighty
night wizard boy.
>> And with a leap, Whimsy Frog jumps into
Gerald's mouth, shoving her ass so far
down his larynx that he cannot breathe
until slowly the choking, vibrating body
of Gerald ceases to move.
Congratulations, party. You have
defeated the wizards in disgusting
fashion. The flames behind you are still
growing. Do you choose to do anything
else? Say [__] merve, giro. Victory
through froggy ass fixiation. Now, let's
hop our French cull out of this flaming
British disaster before we're served as
delicious je. Napoleon arrogantly croaks
[music] loudly and hops triumphantly
toward the exit, smuggly, declaring,
France one, wizards and Britain zero.
You're not. As far as you aware, the
wizards are not from Britain. Napoleon,
you successfully exit the tavern. Bruce
Lee, you're up. Anything you want to do.
>> This summer, one frog tree escapes the
fiery wrath of a bar gone [__] wild.
Time for a badass slow motion exit.
[laughter]
>> I leap heroically toward the door,
dramatically silhouetted by flames,
[music] croaking epically as my tiny
frog limbs propel me forward. That's a
wrap. Burning tavern. You just got
hopped the [__] out. Okay, that was
cinem that was a good that was a good
ending. I'll admit it. Spruce Lee, you
very cinematically jump out the front
door of the burning tavern. Whimsy, you
now stand over the dead body of Gerald.
The flames are right nearby. Everybody
else has escaped from the tavern. What
do you do?
>> Wee! Mission accomplished. Now for the
grand finale. Frog Whimsy shrieks
joyfully, accidentally tripping backward
and tumbling comically out of the door.
>> She trips and then falls.
>> Oopsy dupsy.
>> I'm the queen of froggy escapes. Ribbit
chaos.
>> A three or above and you get out. I'm
trying to give this to you, Whimsy.
>> Okay. Thank you, Whimsy. You
successfully back hop out the door for
some goddamn reason. And that means as
the three of you walk away from the
tavern out into the wilderness, watching
the flames envelop the building behind
you, you just beat encounter number one.
Congratulations.
It's not clear to your party whether you
actually accomplished anything of value
here, and you certainly didn't get the
Barkeep's treasure. But after a few
hours out in the wilderness, you find
that your body's returned to normal. And
once again, you are out on the road
traveling north to Obsidian Peak. Which
direction do you choose to travel next?
Fat Albert had better come to. He's part
of Spruely. Wait, we should make a new
Wait, has anybody made a Reddit? We love
Fat Owlbert. [laughter] This does exist.
Who made this? This is a new spot for
the fan art.
>> Ooh, let's take the rocky path. All
right.
>> Danger excites me, darlings.
>> Travel north.
>> Hers hot whimsy seductively flicking her
hair back dramatically. [music]
The harder things get, the better I
perform.
>> Okay. All right.
>> If you catch my
>> Yes. No, I did catch the meaning. Yes,
it was quite obvious. Thank you,
>> Doug. Has any tavern survived an IDN
yet? Or any of your DND for that matter?
>> I don't know. We always just burn
everybody to the ground, dude. These
poor people. Look, here's the deal. Yes,
these guys are psychotic. Yes, they
burnt down a tavern immediately. That's
not the intention that that will happen
all the time. Okay, the there's a lot of
other stuff that could happen in there.
This might be the stupidest party we've
[laughter] made, dude. The owls did more
damage than almost any of the
characters. Here we go. After another 14
hours of travel, hungry and tired, you
see a castle off in the distance, and as
the three of you approach the castle
walls, a guard runs up to you through
one of the exterior hallways.
Adventurers," he shouts out. The king
requests all travelers in this area
visit him in his throne room, and the
guard escorts you up north. You enter a
grand royal hall. The guard steps to the
side, and the three of you walk forward
to see an eloquently dressed king
sitting on a throne. His beautiful queen
wife standing next to him, a court
jester maybe in the corner, as well as
several very fearsome, intimidating
looking guards. As you walk up, the king
speaks out, "Adventures. I have been
looking for somebody who can do me a
great service. My wife, beautiful Twitch
China, hasn't laughed [music] for weeks.
Ever since her favorite jester went
bald, so I had him killed. And the most
recent jester also couldn't make her
laugh, so I had him killed, too. This
new jester also hasn't made her laugh
yet. He's only got a few more minutes,
please. Adventures. Isn't there anything
you could do to make her laugh? I would
reward you handsomely if you could. I'd
punish you severely if not, of course.
But go ahead, try your best. Now, the
fun thing here is that Queen Twitch
China is actually influenced by you
guys. Depending on what the characters
do, you will determine whether the queen
laughs or not. Now that you have a
knowledge of the surrounding room, you
stand in front of the eloquently dressed
king and queen. Napoleon, we'll start
with you. What do you choose to do? Do
you think he's going to attack somebody?
Oh, Magnify. Another [__] royal drama
as boring as a British tea party at
goddamn Waterloo. Eutmoir. Twitch China.
I'll show you real comedy. Frances.
>> Okay. Walks up to Twitch China. Napoleon
arrogantly marches up dramatically trips
over his own feet, knocks off his hat,
revealing a tiny bald spot he's clearly
sensitive about, and screams, "Patan
demand, who put this British floor
here?"
>> You see Queen Twitch China looking down
at you, staring at your bald spot. And
after a long, tense moment of silence,
[music]
she laughs. Twitch China erupts in a
breurious laughter. The king smiles AND
HE SAYS, "HO, GREAT JOB, YOU FRENCH
PIECE OF [__] I HAVEN'T SEEN HER LAUGH
like this in weeks. We've gone through a
dozen gesters." The queen, vibrating
with laughter and marrynt, seems to
absolutely love your hilarious joke,
Napoleon. And as you turn to look at the
rest of your party, excited. The king
slams his foot on the ground. HOLD ON A
SECOND. I need one of you to make her
laugh again. You three adventurers.
Certainly two of the three of you could
make her laugh, could you not? Then
you're free to leave. Spruce Lee, he
stares at you. Make like a tree and
leaf.
>> In a world where one queen desperately
needs to [__] laugh, one badass tree
ant gives the performance of a lifetime.
Okay,
>> prepare for comedic cinema.
>> Okay, he's a connie store now.
>> I dramatically shake my lush branches,
accidentally releasing an owl who
clumsily tumbles onto my own face.
>> The fat is back wildly. Ow, [__] Not
the face you feathered [__] up. That
wasn't in the script cinema.
>> Okay. Lot of slapstick humor here. So,
Fat Albert, who did successfully survive
the last trip, starts smacking into his
face repeatedly as he screams. The queen
stares at this scenario for a few
moments, considers,
and then she scowls.
Unfortunately, Spruce, your joke evoked
no merrynt or mirth from Queen Twitch
China. She looks at you with a scowl and
the KING SAYS, "ENOUGH. GET OUT OF HERE,
TRIANT. OTHERWISE, YOU'LL MAKE her mood
even worse." You and Albert skull to the
side. The guards nearby, you can see
them readying their weapons. The king
says, "You there in the middle, the
succubus, you had better have something
funny for us."
>> Oh, your majesty, prepare yourself for a
joke so delightfully dreadful it'll make
your crown slip. Purr's hot whimsy walks
up seductively, dramatically using her
special move.
>> She does jokes.
>> She does have this move. What did the
evil queen say when she saw her
reflection? Mirror, mirror, so divine.
Damn, those laugh lines aren't mine.
Funniest [__] I've ever heard. And after
a few moments, the queen's face
scrunches up as she releases a massive
scowl.
Angrily, the queen shouts, "Two!" at
you." AND THE KING SAYS, "GASPACE. SHE'S
NEVER DISLIKED two bad jokes IN A ROW.
GUARDS, TEACH HER SOME DISCIPLINE." A
NEARBY knight walks forward and swings
their weapon at you. Whimsy,
you manage to jump out of the way.
Another guard walks up, crossbow aimed,
fires a bolt at you, whimsy.
The crossbow bolt connects into your
body. Whimsy, knocking you down to just
two hearts. And suddenly, you hear
circus music blaring throughout the
courtroom. As in front of your very
eyes, the beautiful succubus transforms
into a goofy clown frog. The queen and
king look at you shocked. The knights
jump back. What is this? THE KING SAYS.
WHO ARE YOU? Are you that succubus from
before? Do you have something funny to
say?
Time for a riveting joke. I told you
this guy sucks.
>> Shrieks Frog whimsy, excitedly hopping
around in circles before tripping
dramatically and knocking over a suit of
armor.
>> Causing an accidental chain reaction of
falling guards.
>> Oh, he falls.
Guess they didn't see that froggy.
>> The guards start collapsing over rain
supreme. As each one of them is knocked
into each other from Whimsy's chaotic
frog jumps, Queen Tagina looks upon this
and a smile erupts on her face. QUEEN
TUINA BURSTS OUT IN LAUGHTER, wheeling
harder in the light than even the ball
joke, which is somewhat surprising to
me. The king also spreads a wide smile
on his face. Oh, adventurers. I don't
know who you annoying frog creatures
are, but you sure do know how to make my
weirdass wife laugh. And he smacks you
happily on the back of the head.
Adventurers, I owe you the world. Won't
you take one of my treasures with you as
you head out on your next adventure? The
king gestures to his nearby gesture who
walks forward with three precious
looking items. One of them he holds
forth and says, "This is the wand of
Swapparoo. You can use this to instantly
swap the positions of two objects or
characters. You can use this once a day.
Next, the jester brings out a vial of
powder. This is my shrinkaroo powder. It
will reduce the size of any object that
you throw it on by 75% for a full hour.
And finally, he claps and a nearby guard
brings over a pair of rusty looking
boots. And he says, "These are my boots
of wall walking. If you wear them, you
can walk on walls and ceilings for 10
minutes a day, and they're very
fashionable." Adventures, won't you take
one of my precious treasures, please? As
he finishes talking, the three of you
have a moment. Decide which treasure you
would like. Allow each of you to give
your opinion on what you want. All
right, I'm going to do group talk. This
is where I just let them speak and we'll
just see what happen. They're probably
going to start doing weird [__] but
tentatively they're just going to start
speaking.
The [__] wand of is obviously
laorion.
Imagine swapping these British [__]
right into our page. It's Jenny Frances.
Unlike your usual murder tactics,
Napoleon arrogantly crosses his arms,
glaring fiercely at his teammates.
The shrinkeroo powder sounds deliciously
chaotic. Think of all the mischief we
can stir up. Tiny castles, tiny gods,
tiny everything. Frog Whimsy squeals
excitedly, bouncing up and down. Rock
whims the worst uncontrollably.
>> I hate it so much.
>> Dink dink. Let's make everything teeny
weeny. Ribbit chaos style. [laughter]
>> This summer, one tree says, "Fuck your
tiny powder and dumbass wand. It's time
for badass wall walking Nike boots.
Picture me dramatically strolling across
ceilings, kicking cinematic ass from
above.
>> That would be really cinematic. I'm
going to be honest."
>> I strike a heroic pose. Branches flexed
dramatically. Just [__] do it,
[__] Mer absolute general,
your tactics suck worse than British
cuisine. Fine, we'll take the goddamn
wand. And if anyone complains, I'll swap
your asses straight into a Wellington
style defeat. Viv la [__] France.
Napoleon snatches the wand of Swapparoo
arrogantly, flourishing it dramatically
in front of the king.
>> Uh, okay. Napoleon step forward before
asking the others and you grab the wand
from the king who smiles at you and
says, "I hope you enjoy the wand to
swapoo. May it help you in the battle of
Waterloo and he chuckles softly." And in
the background, Queen Twitch China, she
hears that joke and says, "Ooh." She
says that you're sleeping on the couch
tonight. But with a brand new magical
weapon in hand, the three adventurers
can now safely head out of the castle.
Congratulations, adventures. You've made
it to day three. Back on the world map,
you have a choice between going left or
right on the path. Which do you choose,
Mr. Spruce? In a world with two [__]
paths, one grassy, one rocky, only one
badass cinematic tree, dares go the
rocky route for maximum blockbuster
potential.
>> Okay, they go to the right.
>> I dramatically point my branches toward
the left path,
>> booming heroically. Left is where the
action is, [__] Time to rock
and [__] roll. All right,
>> cinema.
>> Let's go.
>> After another day of hard travel, you
end up in a snowy overpass. As you make
your way through the blizzarding storms,
you see amidst the fury of hail, a
building up ahead. You see a sign that
says Mountains Museum. You knock and
then step in to a warm wooden hearth and
in front of you see a gigantic metallic
golem. Upon seeing you, a light starts
shining in its helmet and a deep voice
booms out.
>> Hello other guests. It's always a
pleasure to show new guests the
treasures of Mountains Museum. I am the
curator, security guard, and manager of
this museum. I haven't had visitors
since that one robber tried to steal one
of the precious artifacts and I squashed
him like a bug. But I insist you stay
here for a few weeks with me and I'll
show you the different items in my
exhibit. Which would you like to see
first?
>> He gestures to the left where you can
see a hallway with doors. And then he
gestures to the right. He says, "Oh,
some of my cursed artifacts are down
there. What would you like to see first,
Adventures?"
>> Behind you, you hear the front door
click. As a small metallic lock snaps
into place over the door, blocking your
exit. Napoleon, what do you do? Locked a
scene, huh? Typical British [__]
hospitality. [music]
Sounds like another godamn Wellington
trap. Napoleon arrogantly brandishes the
wand of Swapparoo dramatically points it
at the locked metallic door and the
giant golem curator and shouts, "Buckle
up, General. I'm swapping these two
connards for a tactique fron's escape."
>> Wait, he's swapping with the door.
>> Viva [__] France.
>> Wait, wait, hold on. Um, yeah. You know
what? Fine. You step [music] forward and
you point your wand of swapperoo at the
golem. You shout out whatever you said
in French and suddenly you see that the
giant golem poof appears where the door
frame was. The massive construct's body
is now jammed halfway into the door
frame. A deep metallic VOICE STREAKS
OUT, "NO! WHAT IS HAPPENING?"
>> In his place, there is now a door in the
middle of the room. Now, Napoleon, since
you initiated this, I'll let you follow
up. To be clear, there is one entrance
into this museum. It's no longer locked,
but it is filled with a gigantic angry
security golem. What exactly are you
doing now? Oops. I accidentally
triggered Whimsy.
>> Frog Whimsy to the froggy rescue shrieks
Frog Whimsy enthusiastically bouncing
forward and accidentally tripping into a
chaotic break dance
limbs flailing wildly. Ribbit chaos spin
attack. Watch out Mr. Curator.
Okay, Whimsy, you spin break dance kick
at the golem, which normally would not
be likely to work cuz this thing is
clearly extremely powerful. But because
he's stuck and he can't really move
right now, it only takes a seven or
above.
And with a 17, your flailing LIMB SLAM
INTO THE GOLEM. YOU HEAR A METALLIC
CLANG AS THE WHOLE golem armor vibrates.
You hear HIM YELL OUT, "OH NO." He
doesn't look too hurt after all. It
looks like he could withstand quite a
bit cuz he's a giant metallic golem. But
he's out lodged even more firmly in the
door. The only part of his body that's
free, by the way, is his right arm,
which can swing just a little bit on the
inside of the room. Spruce, what do you
do? Fire time. Burn it down.
>> In a world where metal golems [__] up a
cinematic escape.
>> No fire, please.
>> One badass tree steps up to take out the
[__] trash director's cut style.
>> Okay, that's kind of badass. I
dramatically slash at the Gollum's free
arm with my branches, aiming to disable
the metallic [__] and secure our
action-packed getaway.
>> Okay, that's that's
>> consider yourself pruned, [__]
Cinema.
>> Okay, Bruce, you walk up with director's
cut. Given that the golem is immobile,
you only need a seven or above to
connect this. And with a 15 roll,
your giant girthy branches slash out AND
RIP THE GOLEM'S ARM FROM HIS BODY. You
watch as it crumples to the floor. The
golem shouts out, "No, now I can't move.
I also wasn't expecting this, so I don't
have a good torque at all."
>> There is now a small gap in the door
frame. The golem is still stuck and
appears to be unable to move and
seriously injured. Napoleon Bonapart,
you're up. I'm going to be honest, I had
cool things planned for this room. and
he swapped him with a door.
>> General, watch and [__] learn
France.
>> What does that mean?
>> Napoleon leaps arrogantly onto the
fallen golem arm, dramatically pointing
through the gap while shouting, "Charge,
you incompetent battards. Escape this
British museum trap faster than
Wellington fled from my genie tactique
at Waterlue."
>> Waterlue is not a thing he won. Just a
reminder, Napoleon, you lost at
Waterlue. But anyways, you attempt to
dramatically leap through the gap that
is in the door frame. Because the golem
is so immobile, he can't really stop
you. Eight or above, and you will
successfully do it.
And with a 10, you somersault gracefully
through the door. And you are now
standing on the outside of Mountains
Museum. Whimsy, you are up. Why did they
have to fight him? They didn't. Just to
be clear, they did not. I want to I want
to really reiterate this.
Froggy super leapy escape time shrieks
Frog whimsy activating her mega jump to
energetically hop through the gap in a
wild uncontrolled ark. Ribbit chaos
exit. As long as you roll a four or
above, you will make it through. And you
successfully leap through the door out
of Mountain Museum. Spruce Lee, you are
up next. As a reminder, you are in the
center lobby of the museum where the
security go guards all of the powerful
artifacts. I feel like that's
railroading. I reminded him of all of
the artifacts.
>> This summer, one unstoppable tree
doesn't just walk out, he makes a
dramatic [__] exit they'll never
forget.
>> Is he going to go get one of the
artifacts? I leap heroically through the
gap, pausing midair to flip off the
immobilized golem with both branches
[laughter] extended. Hasta laa vista
[__] cinema.
>> [__] K. OH WOW. All right. Unless you
roll a one, you're [__] out of there,
Spruce.
you. Oh [laughter] my god,
Spruce Lee, as you leap forward and
somersault OVER THE BODY OF THE GOLEM,
YOUR TWO BRANCHES EXTEND OUTWARD, BUT
THE GOLEM SMASHES HIS HEAD JUST A FEW
INCHES FORWARD, CRAMMING YOUR BRANCHES
INTO HIS VISOR. He screams, "If I'm
going down, I'm taking you with me,
Spruce."
>> And unfortunately, that gives him time
to do something that was unlikely to
happen. As your branches are stuck in
his visor, you see the lights in his
visor briefly flash red. And in a deep
metallic voice, he says,
>> "Self-destruct sequence initiated."
>> The entire golem begins to blink
dramatically. Spruce, what do you do? In
a world where explosive golems threaten
blockbuster greatness, one badass tree
sacrifices his epic [__] foliage.
>> Does he break his arms off? Heroically
pruning [music] himself to freedom, I
dramatically rip my trapped branches
free,
>> leaving chunks of stylish foliage behind
as I dive through [music] the gap in
slow motion.
Nobody blows up Spruely, [__]
In a heroic act of self-sacrifice,
Spruce Lee rips the two arms off his own
body, LEAVING THEM BEHIND, PUSHING
YOURSELF THROUGH THE DOOR. ALBERT behind
you and the security golem screams in
anger as the three of you rush away from
Mountain's museum. A few minutes later,
you hear a massive explosion. Boom. As
the museum erupts in flames behind you.
Important question here, Spruce Lee. As
you're walking away from the explosion,
do you look back at it? In a world where
explosions make losers look back, one
badass [__] tree knows cool guys walk
away [music] without blinking
[__] I stride forward
dramatically, ignoring [music] the fiery
chaos behind me while my owls screech
triumphantly overhead. That's how you
[music] make a [__] blockbuster exit
cinema. And with that, the three of you
exit safely
from Mountains Museum.
Okay. Uh really can't reiterate how many
artifacts were in there. That was the
whole point. [laughter] But whatever.
>> They realized they were too powerful to
need [music] those artifacts. How humble
of them to blow it all up.
>> Hey, way to stay humble, guys.
>> To reiterate what happened at the
museum, they showed up, trapped the tall
guide in the doorway, and just left.
[laughter]
>> Great job, team.
>> I do have to say I love all the fan art
that has been churned out on the
subreddit.
>> Mr. Fan Art, it's just a fat. Wait,
which is the Reddit? These are all just
fat Albert. Holy [__] that's so good.
>> [laughter]
>> These are Why are they all of whimsy?
Oh, there's the frog. R/we love spruce
Lee has some great Wait, so is there a
different one for every character?
[laughter]
There's 20 different subreddits. That's
my treat. This is very good. As you make
your way back to the road, the blizzard
dies down. You see that the road forks
in two different directions, left or
right? Napoleon, which direction do you
take the party? E carte general left is
clearly the tactic superior path. Only
British idiots would choose anything
else. Now march your incompetent asses
forward before I lose my patience and
start ranting about how [__] tall I
am again. [laughter]
>> This scenario might introduce your new
favorite character. Or you might despise
him. I don't know. After another day of
traveling, you find yourself crossing a
dusty desert until finally alongside the
road to the north, you see the entrance
to a bustling looking tavern. As you
walk in the front doors into the main
hallway, you see all sorts of characters
around you. There's a fisherman, a
walrus man, a bard in the corner singing
songs for the group, a rather resentful
looking goblin. You can hear the smells
of cooking wafting down the hallway, and
weirdly, you see a zombie sitting alone
on a stool, and the zombie immediately
shambles over to you. and he says,
"Please, friends, my name is Slob. I
know most people don't accept my kind,
but I promise I don't want to eat
anybody's brains. All I want is to be an
upstanding member of society. Look, I've
been traveling for weeks. I've been
trying to find a place to settle down
ever since this curse overtook my body.
But no one will talk to me. I can't
settle down anywhere until I get a job.
But no one here is even willing to have
a conversation with me. The instant I
walk up, they look away disgusted. If
you three were to help out, you look
strapping and trustworthy. Maybe you
could convince someone here to employ
me. Surely someone in this bar would
give me a job if you vouched for me,
please. And he looks at you pleadingly.
Whimsy, what do you do? r/w we love
slob.
Don't worry, slobby wobbby. Froggy
Whimsy will get you the bestest jobby
Wobby ever. Shrieks Frog Whimsy, hopping
chaotically toward the walrus fisherman,
accidentally crashing face first into
his table. Okay, he jumps over here,
crashes into the wall.
>> Anyone need a new fishing buddy, Ribbit?
>> Okay, Whimsy, you bounce down the
hallway and trip and crash into the
barrel that the walrus fisherman was
standing next to. You then ask if he
needs a fishing buddy. Unfortunately,
this isn't very appealing looking,
but he smirks and he looks at you with a
deep chuckle and says, "A sense of humor
with this one, huh? Well, look, I
actually could use some help out on the
river, but only for somebody who is an
accomplished fisherman who's accurate
with the rod. Would that be you? He
looks at you expectantly, whimsy. All
right, we'll assume the rest of the
group kind of wanders over.
Accurate. I'm the froggiest fishing
expert in all the land. Eagerly grabbing
a fishing rod, twirling around
chaotically, and accidentally sending
the hook flying directly into the
tavern's mounted fish trophy on the
wall. What? Oopsy dupsy. See, I'm a
natural ribbit. Okay.
You swing the rod around and
successfully hook a fish trophy off the
wall, pulling it down and slamming it
onto the ground. The barkeep looks at
you and says, "Hey, you need to pay for
that." The walrus fisherman looks a
little disappointed and says, "Well, you
seem accurate, but can you be
controlled? What about pulling that cup
from that sack of flour over there?" And
he points down the hallway to the south.
Napoleon, you are watching this. What do
you do? Slob has been forgotten. Yeah.
No, Whimsy is just like applying for a
fisherman job. That's not helpful.
>> M GENERAL, WATCH MY [__] HANDLE THIS.
Napoleon arrogantly snatches the fishing
rod from Whimsy. Dramatically swings it
and attempts to precisely hook the cup
from the sack of flour while shouting,
"This is how we fish on France, you
incompetent, amphibious bard."
>> Okay, great. Oh god, there's a candle
there. If they roll really badly, then
yes, things could happen. Napoleon
Bonapart. You walk up past Slob, who is,
as a reminder, the zombie who asked you
guys to get a job. You walk up, you grab
the fishing rod, and you fling it
towards the cup of flour.
And unfortunately, the hook just barely
misses the cup. And the walrus turns to
you and says, "Oh, quite a good shot
there. Are you used to uh firing
artillery somewhere?" He seems
impressed, but not too impressed. Spruce
Lee, what do you do? This summer, one
badass tree sets out to hook the cup
with style.
>> Okay, he also walked.
>> [__] fishing rods. It's owl time,
[__]
>> Okay,
>> I send one of my co-star owls swooping
dramatically to snatch the cup from the
flower sack
>> and bring it back like a cinematic
champion. That's how you [__] fish,
Barkeep.
>> Oh, remove Spruce's hands. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Also, as a reminder, Spruce Lee,
you don't have arms cuz you ripped them
off last time. You haven't actually used
them yet. You only used your owls. You
send out Fat Albert from your branches
who attempts to swoop up the cup.
And unfortunately, right as he gets
close, Fat Albert realizes that some of
the flour spilled on the floor and he
just starts eating it. It's really,
really good.
But he does look quite happy. That's why
he's fat Albert. The walrus fisherman
turns to you three and says, "Oh, I
think each of you three have a bit too
much enthusiasm for fishing. Maybe it's
not the gig for you." And he looks like
he's heading towards the door. Wait, Mr.
Walrus. Froggy Whimsy has a brilliant
idea. Ribbit squeals Frog Whimsy,
attempting a spectacular, silly dance
move to charm the walrus into
reconsidering, but instead tripping
chaotically into a nearby table.
[laughter]
Oopsy dupsy. I'm all about dedication
and passion. Ribbit chaos. Crashes into
a table while trying to dance in front
of him. Let's see if this convinces him.
The walrus looks at you with a chuckle
and says, "I'm sorry, froggy friend. I
think you're just a little bit too
chaotic for the fishing life. It's
mostly a lot of sitting still." And he
walks down the hallway past slob says,
"Get out of the way, zombie. We don't
want you here." And he continues down
the hallway. Murdaloo, this [__]
British walrus insults our zombie
friend. Slob in front of Mwah. Not on
Mon watch. Napoleon arrogantly leaps
onto a nearby table, dramatically
summons the Grand Arme, and points
furiously at the walrus fisherman,
shouting, "May sold teach this blubbery
bard some proper fron manners. Viv la
France."
>> All right, Napoleon, you attempt to
summon the Grand Army, one of your
special once a day moves.
>> You failed.
And you see as from the other side of
the tavern, three summoned knights burst
into the tavern. Growing excited at
seeing your most accomplished generals
on the field, you smile in excitement as
they rush down the hallway towards you,
but accidentally slam into slob the
zombie on the way. He's knocked
violently onto the ground where both of
his arms are ripped from his body as he
falls away. Napoleon, your three
soldiers do catch up with you and then
say oops as they look at Slob rolling
around on the ground. Spruce, what do
you do?
>> In a world where one badass tree loses
his [__] limbs, a new cinematic hero
steps in. Spruce Lee, now with zombie
[__] arms, I dramatically [music]
stomp forward, slamming my stumps onto
Slob's fallen zombie arms to fuse them
onto my bark body, creating epic undead
branch replacements.
>> [laughter]
>> It's alive, [__] Cinema.
>> Uh, okay. Spruce Lee, you successfully
jam the zombie arms into your arm
sockets and stand there very
cinematically from the ground. Slob the
zombie. Mutters, but I thought you were
going to help me get a job. He looks up
at you, Spruce, and says, "Maybe you can
convince somebody to give me a job with
those big strong zombie arms of yours."
>> This summer, one tree with badass zombie
arms gives the performance of a [__]
lifetime. Okay,
>> convincing the barkeep to hire this
undead [__] I stride
dramatically to the barkeep, flexing my
rotting zombie biceps menacingly. Hire
slob or you'll deal with Spruce Lee,
rated PG-13 for epic [__] violence.
Cinema. Okay, Spruce. You walk up to the
barkeep. You shout at him dramatically
and he looks at you ready to be
intimidated. If you roll a seven or
above, you successfully look him in the
eyes and say, "Hire this man." [cough]
The barkeep looking at this gigantic
tree with zombie arms in front of HIM
SAYS, "OH, OKAY. I I COULD give him a
job, but I don't really have anything
for him to do, though. He doesn't even
have arms. How would he help me? Give me
a good reason that he should work here."
In a world where armless zombies need
[__] jobs, one badass tree steps up
as his personal limb donor. Is he going
to
>> Here, [__] Take my zombie arms.
[laughter]
>> I dramatically rip off my newly attached
zombie arms again, tossing him
heroically at Slo's feet. Now hire him,
barkeep. He's [__] armed and
dangerous.
>> Okay. Throws the arms onto the ground.
>> The barkeep looks on in horror and
amazement. Slob stands up and does his
best to kind of push his arm sockets
into the arms to see if they'll
reattach.
And unfortunately, they continue to lay
limp on the ground. The barkeep looks
sadly at you and says, "Look, I'd hire
you in an instant." But that zombie is
already worthless. You can't trust the
undead. And besides, he doesn't have
arms. What could he even do with just
his face, I guess. In a world where
armless zombies are discriminated
against. One badass tree says, "Fuck
prejudice. Let Slob serve drinks with
his mouth, motherfucker."
>> I dramatically gesture my [music] branch
stumps at Slob. booming heroically.
Okay,
>> hire this undead genius as your first
face-based bartender. [laughter] It's
[__] revolutionary
cinema.
>> Okay, this is indeed very cinematic
and intimidating. The barkeep looks on
at this spectacle and if you roll a
seven or above,
he agrees. He looks at you and says,
"Well, maybe a little bit of revolution
in the industry is what we need."
Honestly, anything that will make you
get out of my tavern, ideally. I'm a I'm
a little bit scared. So,
congratulations, Mr. Slob. Welcome to
the team. And he goes over to the other
side and gives Slob's arm on the floor a
firm handshake. Slob smiles a single
tear going down his single lie. And he
says, "Thank you, Spruce. Thank you. You
don't know how much [__] I deal with as
a zombie. Thanks for standing up for me.
I'm not clear what you meant about
serving drinks. Like, am I going to go
spit them in their mouth or like what?"
And the barkeep says, "I don't want
that." And he says, "Well, I'm thinking
maybe I go to like the ale and I slurp
it up and then I'll go spit it in a
customer's mouth." And the barkeep says,
"Well, do you have any diseases? You're
a As they're talking though, you hear
the front door slam open. Boom." A
rugged looking figure, the type you
might see in a sort of zombie hunter
movie, casually walks into the hallway.
I, he says very cinematically, am the
LEGENDARY HUNTER ZOD. and he waits for a
cinematic boom while making direct eye
contact with you, Bruce.
The audience gasps with cinematic
approval.
As he looks down the hallway, he opens
his mouth to say, "Have any of you?" and
then looks directly at Slob. Aha! Slob,
you thought you could escape me, but
your TIME IS OVER. GET BACK, EVERYONE.
The bartender, clearly recognizing Zod,
steps back, worried. I am the great
undead hunter Zod and I never let a
TARGET ESCAPE BECAUSE ZOMBIES DON'T
CONTRIBUTE ANYTHING TO SOCIETY. WHAT ARE
YOUR LAST WORDS? He readies his
crossbow, aiming it directly at Slude's
head. This summer, one badass tree says,
"Fuck zombie hunters. Your bigotry ends
here, Zod, courtesy of Owl [__]
attack." Okay,
>> I unleash my co-star owls, sending them
screeching directly at Zod's face to
distract his aim and protect
>> eaten lots of food, feeling nourished,
JOINED BY HIS OWL BRETHREN, ATTACK WITH
ADVANTAGE because of the food nine or
above.
And with a perfect roll, fat Albert,
feeling rested and nutrientdense,
EXPANDS HIS FEATHERS AND PECKS ZOD
VIOLENTLY IN THE HEAD. "OW," SAYS ZOD.
HOW DID YOU KNOW? MY ONE WEAKNESS. I
CAN'T HUNT OWLS. HE BEGINS RUNNING
TOWARDS THE DOOR, BUT FAT ALBERT HARRIES
HIM THE WHOLE WAY. ZOD RUNS, SCREAMING
AND YELLING THE WHOLE WAY OUT until
eventually you can hear his cries fading
out into the distance out in the
wilderness. Slob turns to you, Spruce,
and he says, "Spruce, no one has ever
shown me such kindness. A job? Zod is
dead. Is there anything I can do to
repay you? Anything at all, Spruce? You
truly are a hero. In a world where debts
must be repaid, one badass tree
heroically demands the ultimate
cinematic reward. Give me your [__]
autograph, slob. I dramatically thrust
forth a nearby napkin towards the
zombiey's mouth for him to sign with his
teeth. You're going to be a star,
[__]
>> And Slob the zombie smiles at you and
says, "Yes, sir, Spruce. I'll do it.
I'll become a star for you." and writes
with his slobbery tongue all over your
napkin. And with that, you can see his
arm on the floor giving a salute as the
party is now free to go.
>> So far, the party has burned down a
tavern, entertained a tyrannical king,
murdered a peaceful museum curator, and
forced a barkeeper to [music] hire a
corpse, violating [laughter]
several health and safety regulations.
It [clears throat]
>> is funnier that way.
>> Is chat really the bad guys in this
campaign? He basically threatened a
barkeeper to hire an armless corpse.
Like none of them did anything actually
constructive at all. But at least the
party didn't burn down the last tavern.
That's a first. True. Inching ever
closer towards Obsidian Peak to the
north. You now have only one path in
front of you. You make your way towards
the next day's travel. Only a day more
until you reach Obsidian Peak. As the
path continues, you realize that in
between you and Obsidian Peak is a
massive lake. But as you approach the
bank of the lake, you see a huge ship
alongside of it and a friendly looking
sea captain alongside that. He walks up
to you. Hello, adventurers. My name is
Captain Hard Balls. I can give each of
the three of you a ride across this here
lake. It's a bit treacherous, but I've
got the best crew in the business. You
can cross with me. I will need five gold
pieces a piece, which you know to be
most of your net worth. But with no
other options, you agree. and the three
of you join the crew. And thus, you find
yourself rowing through a large, large
lake for several hours as the various
sailors do their work around the front
of the cabin. Captain Hardballs at the
back, smiling and steering the ship, and
the three of you relaxing on wooden
benches on the brow. If you can't tell
already, I don't really know the
terminology for boats. And after a few
hours of peaceful sailing, suddenly the
boat experiences a large lurch as
something crashes INTO THE SIDE. WHAT ON
EARTH WAS THAT? A SAILOR YELLS OUT.
SUDDENLY, the captain [music] screams,
"Oh, great Davy Jones balls, it's sea
monsters." And you see along the prowl
of the deck as various aquatic creatures
begin to appear and climb up the sides
of the boat, coming from all angles on
both sides. These armed and fearsome
looking creatures growl hungrily at the
sailors as they CRAWL OVER. "ALL HANDS
ON DECK!" SCREAMS THE CAPTAIN. "SAILORS,
FIGHT THESE BACK. WE'RE NEARLY AT SHORE.
GO, GO, GO." BEFORE YOU CAN even react,
you feel a huge boom at the bottom of
the boat. And suddenly, water spews out
onto the thick and the CAPTAIN SCREAMS
OUT, "NO, WE HAVE TO GET TO LAND."
WHIMSY, WHAT DO YOU DO?
Sea monsters want to join the froggy
boat party. Let's see what they've got.
Ribbit a style, shrieks frog whimsy,
excitedly spinning into a chaotic
breakdance move, accidentally kicking a
nearby bucket toward the nearest sea
creature.
>> Okay. Oopsy dupsy froggy foot attack
coming through. Whimsy attempts to
accidentally kick a bucket as they break
dance, knocking it onto this sea
creature here. Let's see if it works. 11
or above.
And unfortunately, the bucket just kind
of tumbles over onto the floor and you
accomplish nothing. Whimsy. I hate her.
I hate her. She's the savior of this
party. All right. How dare you?
Napoleon, what do you do? Mad general.
These seaards think they can ambush me.
Napoleon dramatically draws his ornate
flint lock pistol, pointing it
arrogantly at the nearest sea creature
and firing shaste French lead you
British wannabe piss [__] And she
replies in a perfect British accent for
the queen. But you FIRE THE FLIP LOCK
pistol 11 or above and hits. And
unfortunately the shot fears right and
she snarls at you eating some biscuits
and tea. Spruce Lee, you're up. In a
world where sea creatures try to [__] up
a blockbuster boat ride, one badass tree
ant makes sushi out of these
[__] with director's cut. Okay,
>> I dramatically slash at the nearest sea
monster with my branches, roaring
epically as leaves burst forth.
>> Director's cut leer above.
>> You're about to get [__] pruned. Fish
face.
>> And again, cinema
>> horribly misses. The sea monster laughs
and looks at you with a deep cockney
accent. Oh, IT'S THE BEST. YOU'VE GOLD.
It's now the sea monster's turn. They're
going to swing at you, Spruce. This one
leaps forward and attacks 11 or above,
and it hits, but with only an eight, you
manage to dodge out of the way. Near
you, Napoleon. The sea monster rushes at
you and tries to swing with a clawed
slobbery fist, but she rolls a four
because everybody in this campaign is
incompetent. A nearby sailor rushes
towards the water leak, but he shouts
back Napoleon. QUICK, TRY HITTING HER
WITH ONE OF THE CANNONS. THEY'RE A BIT
UNWIELDY, BUT IT SHOULD WORK. MEANWHILE,
to the south, a sea creature near you,
Whimsy, runs forward and takes a swing.
11 or above, and it'll hit.
You failed. Unfortunately, the sea
creature steps [music] onto that bucket
that you kicked off earlier, starts
falling around in a crazy chaotic wee
sound, and flips way off the boat,
splashing down into the water. You hear
another loud boom beneath the boat and
another water leak sprouts up towards
the right side of the boat. The captain
is sweating FROM PERSPIRATION, YELLING,
"WE'RE ONLY A FEW TURNS AWAY FROM LAND.
HURRY, HURRY." A nearby sailor rushes
towards the water leak. Whimsy, you are
up. Before you can act, you see two more
sea creatures appear. One near the
captain and one nearer Napoleon. What do
you do, Whimsy?
>> I thought that was like a fastened seat
belt sign in a plane. Mission squeals
[music] frog whimsy activating mega jump
to leap chaotically toward the sea
creature. Jump incredibly high. The
captain flailing limbs wildly midair.
>> This is good.
>> Whimsy jumps across the whole captain.
>> Whimsy, you attempt to jump and knock
the sea creature off the bow before it
can get to the captain. 11 or above and
it'll land. And with a 16 for once in
your life, you contribute something of
value, spinning wildly directly INTO THE
SEA MONSTER, KNOCKING THEM BACK into the
water. The captain shouts out, "Thank
you, strange annoying frog. I'll keep
steering." And you see him focusing
ahead. Napoleon, what do you do? You
British fox think you can handle La
Pissance Frances. General, watch Ma
unleash tactic. Napoleon dramatically
spins the cannon around, aiming it
directly at the nearby sea creature and
arrogantly fires it while shouting, "EAT
CANNONBALL, YOU TE- SIPPING BUTTARD.
LEAVE A [laughter] [__] FRANCE." JAMS
THE SEA MONSTER in front of the cannon
lights the end.
The cannon boom explodes and THE SEA
CREATURES BLASTED OUT FAR far across the
lake. It's so violent that the nearby
sea creature even stops in his tracks
looking intimidated and confused. Spruce
Lee, you are entangling with a sea
creature near the north of the boat. A
sailor also comes up behind and attempts
to assist you. What do you do? In a
world where sea monsters [__] with the
wrong godamn tree, Spruce Lee unleashes
the power of fecalfueled fury.
>> Wait, what?
>> Time to fertilize.
>> Wait, this is a healing move.
>> I dramatically scoop nearby [laughter]
seagull [__] off the deck, shoveling it
heroically into my mouth to power up my
next attack.
>> Okay,
>> you're about to get shitty [__]
Justice, fish face. Spruce Lee gathering
the feces that are around the open
grooved boat. You jam poop into your own
mouth as both the sailor and sea monster
stare at you a little bit horrified.
They can see you growing with power
though. Someone in the chat just said
that this feels too easy. Right as Chad
is thinking that, another boom beneath
the boat. Another water leak appears.
Get those leaks fixed, shouts the
captain. And just then, A MASSIVE KRAKEN
APPEARS BENEATH THE BOAT. YOU SEE A SWIM
out raise its massive body into the air
and slam down on the boat with two
massive tentacles. One at you, Spruce.
Nine or above and it hits. And with a
10, YOU'RE SMACKED VIOLENTLY BACK ONTO
the floor of the boat. Spruce Lee,
you're down to two health. Napoleon with
another tentacle. The Kraken slams a
fist towards you. Slightly farther and
behind the cannon, an 11 rev bubble hit.
And with a nat 20, THE ARM SLAMS DOWN
UPON YOU, NAPOLEON. IT LAUNCHES YOU
BACKWARD ONTO THE GROUND, TAKING A
HEART. ADDITIONALLY, it slams across
both cannons, breaking them into pieces.
And the sea monster rushes at you
victorious. Attempts to swipe at you
while you're on the ground. 12 or above
will hit,
but he misses, slipping on the
cannonballs on the ground. Napoleon, you
are down to two health. Meanwhile, on
the boat, the first leak is taken care
of due to the sailor, who now looks up,
horrified at the Kraken. THE CAPTAIN
SCREAMS OUT, "ONLY A LITTLE BIT LONGER.
WE JUST NEED TO HOLD OUT TILL LAND."
WHIMSY, you are standing near the
captain, looking as the massive kraken
looks over the top of the boat. What do
you choose to do? We need a hero. What
if this is when Whimsy shines, dude?
What if this is when Whimsy actually
cinemas and saves everybody?
Big squiddy frog.
Froggy dance party.
>> Shrieks frog whimsy, spontaneously
performing a chaotic dance move,
accidentally flinging a nearby harpoon
to go to this or oopsie spinning. Let's
dance and prance rivet chaos style
attempts to knock the harpoon
accidentally into the face of the
kraken. Very difficult. 14 or above and
it'll hit.
YOU END WITH A 15. WHIMSY LAUNCHES A
HARPOON ACROSS THE BOW, SLAMMING INTO
THE KRAKEN'S FACE. YOU FEEL IT ROAR AND
MOMENTARILY THE KRAKEN moves back from
the boat. QUICKLY, THE CAPTAIN SHOUTS,
"ALL HANDS ON DECK FORWARD." AND YOU
FEEL THE BOAT LURCH forward again. As
that happens, two more sea monsters
appear, but you can see land in the
distance. Napoleon, you are not flat on
the deck. A sea monster stands over you.
The kraken roaring in pain in the
background. What do you do? Absolute.
You [__] tentacled British wannabe.
Feel a piss of my French insult. You
bloated calamariard. Okay. Napoleon
dramatically rises to his feet
aggressively pointing at the seamless.
I don't know [__] France and yelling
directly into the mouth of this sea
monster. You hurl an insult with which a
nine or above.
Unfortunately, it does not seem to work.
It appears the sea monsters don't speak
French. And he looks at you and says,
"What was that?" Go spruceely, you're
up. We need something cinematic right
now.
>> This summer, fertilized by the power of
birdshit.
>> One tree delivers a [__] blockbuster
slash.
>> The director's cut kraken edition. I
heroically leap forward. es blazing with
fecal enhanced fury. Slashing
dramatically at the Kraken's giant
tentacle.
>> Time to cut this seafood special down to
size, [__] Cinema. And with a
nine or above,
SPRUCE FUCKINGLY LEAPS FORWARD IN
MIDAIR, SLICING IN A HEROIC CIRCLE,
SLASHES THROUGH A KRAKEN'S TENTACLE. AND
WITH a slash, you see one of the
Kraken's arms split apart and sink into
the ocean. The Kraken roars OUT IN FURY,
SCREAMING, IT LAUNCHES FORWARD WITH ONE
VICIOUS LAST TENTACLE ATTACK AT YOU,
Spruce Lee. With fury in its eyes, nine
or above will hit you. You hear the
captain BEHIND YOU SCREAMING, "WE'RE
ALMOST AT LAND."
IT SMACKS YOU VICIOUSLY ACROSS THE CHEST
OF YOUR TRUNK and you're thrown
backwards onto the brow of the ship. You
are down to just one health. Whimsy,
what do you want to do? Only a few
seconds remain until the boat hits land.
Hang on, Spruy Woozy. Froggy Whimsy to
the rescue with a super duper silly
healing dance and actually remembers
they have a healing dance. Time to dancy
your ouchie away. Ribbit chaos healing
style. And because the Kraken is so
distracted by the pain, almost nothing
can stop you. Three or above and it
lands.
And with a seven roll, Whimsy, your
incredibly unnecessary dancing
rejuvenates Spruce's branches, who pops
back up to two health. Spruce, you stand
up feeling healthy and rejuvenated. And
just then, as your dance finishes, boom.
You hear the boat crash into land. As it
smacks into the ground, you hear the
CAPTAIN SHOUT OUT, "QUICK, EVERYONE, GET
OFF. RUN FOR LAND." AND HE starts
running towards the edge of the boat.
All of the sailors see here him. Some
continue to fight sea monsters. Others
start to run. The Kraken looks angrily
and roars, but only has one tentacle.
Napoleon, you are up. You are still
facing off against a sea monster, but
you could run to land. Everybody knows
sea monsters can't walk on land. At
least the cracking can. Whatever. You
know what I [music] mean? Running from
battle. Mwah. [__] that British
cowardice. I never retreat, especially
against seafood.
>> Okay. Napoleon arrogantly grabs a
[music] nearby cannonball, dramatically
hurling it straight at the sea monster's
face while unnecessary. Eat solid iron.
Frances, you pathetic sushi batard.
Napoleon walks up, grabs a nearby
cannonball, hurls it at the sea
monster's face.
You slam THE BALL INTO THE SEA MONSTER'S
HEAD. HE looks stunned, unconscious,
harmless. Spruce Lee, you stand up on
the deck with a dancing frog over you.
The injured Kraken stands behind you,
but will not be able to reach you on
land. What do you do?
>> This summer, one badass tree ant doesn't
just escape danger. He Arnold throws his
[music] amphibious co-star to [__]
freedom.
>> Okay, he has this.
>> I heroically grab frog whimsy,
dramatically hurling her toward land in
slow motion cinematic glory.
>> Okay,
>> fly you froggy [__] Time for a heroic
landing [music] cinema. Spruce Lee walks
up to his savior
and with a 16, you grab your two stubs
and simply huck that frog off the boat
who smacks comically onto the ground,
safe away from the Kraken. The sailors
are mostly running, the captain with
them. Napoleon, you were standing over
an unconscious sea monster, the large
kraken behind you who appears to be
rearing up for one final attack before
everyone is out of reach. As far as you
can tell, only you, the captain, and one
other sailor would be within attack
range. What do you do? Put Janeiro, we
have not come all this way to lose to a
[__] oversized British calamari. Time
to rally the troops. Napoleon leaps
dramatically a top a broken cannon
[__] aggressively. CHENRO FIGHT like
it's Waterloo. Only this TIME WE
ACTUALLY [__] WIN. PEOPLE OF GODDAMN
FRANCE OF FRANCE. EVERYBODY IS feeling
heartened. If you roll a four or above,
you rally the troops successfully.
And unfortunately, Napoleon, your allies
still don't speak French and aren't
motivated. But it looks badass. The
Kraken stares at you and with one large
tentacle slams it across the bow trying
to knock both you, the cannons, the
captain, and the remaining sailor across
in a single sweep. 10 or above and it
hits you
with a 14. Napoleon, you are launched
across the bow of the ship, flying
through the air and land painfully on
the other side of the boat. The captain
is also struck, flung across the bow and
lands to his side. The remaining
sailored sea monster are both hit by the
Kraken's attack. You see them
floundering in the sea beyond Spruce
Lee. The situation is looking a bit
dire. The sailors have almost made it
off. The captain is sprawled on the edge
of the boat. Napoleon as well. The
Kraken looks at you menacingly, but
seems like you're almost out of his
reach. What do you do? Does he just save
everybody? Does he do something stupid?
In a world where Calamari tries to [__]
up a cinematic climax, Spruce Lee
delivers a rescue so heroic even the
academy would notice. Arnold throw
Bonapart edition. I dramatically scoop
up Napoleon
epically off the boat to safety on land.
Vive La [__] spruce [__]
cinema.
Spruce Lee, not only do you hurl
Napoleon's body gracefully through the
air, you do it in a way that clips past
the sea monster next to him, WHO IS
ABSOLUTELY SMACKED ON THE BACK OF THE
HEAD, FALLS FORWARD, UNCONSCIOUS, and is
now helpless as the sailors escape. And
behind you, you see, is the massive
kraken with only one arm, slams the boat
angrily, distraught at letting its prey
get away. Any final words from any of
you or any final actions before you run
away or do anything else? You don't have
to run away. I'm sorry. Also, the
captain is still knocked out on the
boat.
>> Ha! M giu. Another flawless victo
frances. Eat [__] you British sushi
batard. I told you my strategy was
unmatched. Napoleon arrogantly dusts
himself off dramatically posing on the
shore while shouting back at the kraken,
"Enjoy your sinking British ship.
Calamari [__] vivel [__] France."
And in fact, those words of French
taunting even have a chance of hurting
the Kraken.
The Kraken still has not learned French.
And behind you, you see that the captain
is helped up by one of the sailors
safely out of range of the Kraken. And
the whole team walks epically away from
the Kraken, who then explodes, and the
boat catches on fire.
As the crew recovers a few miles away,
Captain Hard Balls turns to you three.
That's the first time in all of known
recorded history that a group of sailors
has actually survived the Kraken. That
was incredible. I owe you and the
remainder of my crew my life. You can
have this. It's my favorites. Gravity
reversal rotary ru as he hands you a
small wand. This powerful artifact will
reverse gravity in a 20ft cube for 30
seconds. I hope you do it justice. It
was an honor fighting alongside you. Who
would have thought we'd die here
together fighting alongside a Frenchman?
And you look at him and you say, "Die
fighting alongside a friend." And then
he looks at you and says, "I don't
remember if that's actually what they
said in Lord of the Rings." Team, I am
honored to say that after crossing the
treacherous Kraken Lake, you now find
yourselves moving towards the base of
the infamous Obsidian Peak, where you
just might be able to stop the
villainous Twitch chat.
>> Shut. We have an opportunity here. We
could flirt with Whimsy and try to
counter seduce before she tells [music]
us a bad joke. Either Whimsy is good,
but let's try for the frog one. It's
time, adventures. After almost the full
week of travel, you have made it to
Obsidian Peak. As you climbed higher and
higher, the mountain became colder,
mixed with spurts of heat from the lava
pools on either side. And eventually, as
you reach the summit and cross the great
bridge heading towards the throne room,
you find yourself in front of two
massive doors leading into what appears
to be a huge marble throne room. Spruce
Lee, what do you do? In a world where
evil hides behind big [__] doors, one
badass tree kick [__] wide open. It's
time for the [__] entrance of the
century. [music] I heroically boot the
doors open. Twitch chat. Your
blockbuster ass whooping starts now.
>> Cinema.
>> And as you kick your way into the room,
you see a massive throne room, two pools
of lava in the center, weapons, armor,
dynamite on the sides, and standing in
front of a massive orb is a hideous
looking creature, the one known as
Twitch Chat. Behind them, a massive
glowing purple orb shimmers in the dark.
Twitch chat steps up to you, looks at
the three of you, and says,
"All right, listen up, you pathetic band
of miserable [__] We're done playing
nice." Twitch chat raises their hands
dramatically, splitting Whimsy into two
distinct halves, Sexy Whimsy and Ugly
Whimsy. Then immediately tries to seduce
Sexy Whimsy while yeating Ugly Whimsy
straight into an active volcano
screaming, "This is cinema,
motherfuckers."
Oh [__] As the three of you walk up,
the multi-headed Twitch chat creature
points a finger at Whimsy. And with a
magical surge of energy, whimsy, you
start to feel yourself splitting. Only
by rolling a 14 or above can you stop
this
and you feel your two forms split into
two. Both frog and hot whimsy are here
in the flesh. Whimsy, you now find
yourself almost in two places at once.
At first, you feel yourself still within
your frog brain, chaotic and whimsical.
What do you do at first?
Double the whimsy means double the fun.
Chaos incoming, shrieks frog whimsy,
hopping wildly forward and accidentally
tripping into a clumsy break dance move.
Knocking a suit of armor, flying
chaotically toward Twitch chat.
>> Okay. Oopsy dupsy. Froggy calamity
attack. Ribbit. Whimsy moves forward,
knocks into this suit of armor, and
attempts to fling it over at Twitch
chat. 13 or above would hit.
And with a 16, the suit OF ARMOR FLIES
FORWARD, SMACKS TWITCH CHAT IN THE HEAD,
and you see as the armor falls to the
ground, one of their four heads closes
its eyes. Ban [laughter] a corner of
chat.
What I want everybody to do right now is
say north, south, east, or west. One of
those four. Mods, ban anybody who's part
of east crew. East crew is officially
defeated. South gang is going to win
this for us. RIP East Crew now. Sexy hot
whimsy released for the first time in a
few days. You look around at the scene.
What do you do?
>> Oh, Twitch chat. Oh, wrong picture.
>> I do adore group activities, especially
when they get a little explosive.
Hot whimsy purr seductively, grabbing a
stick of dynamite and lighting it
dramatically.
>> Okay, she runs over the dynamite.
>> To feel the heat, my dears, she coups,
tossing it toward them with a sly wink.
Hot whimsy, you walk towards the
dynamite, light one up, and try to hurl
it over at Twitch chat. 14 or a bubble
hit.
Oh my god. Okay, now they're rolling.
Uh, you roll a 17. And as you fling the
dynamite across the room, BOOM, IT
EXPLODES NEXT TO TWITCH CHAT'S HEAD and
you see the north head of Twitch chat
dramatically close its eyes. Two are
left. Deface that hurt [__]
Mods take out a couple of them. Twitch
chat screams out in anger and defaces.
They're horrified. But Spruce Lee, you
have a chance to act. What do you do?
>> In a world where Twitch chat [__] with
the wrong Blockbuster tree, Spruce Lee
sends in his co-stars for an owl [__]
Armageddon, I unleash my owl.
>> Owls surging forth dramatically in
feathery freny.
>> Rushing and screaming Twitch and
harassing Twitch chat.
>> Pecking, poking,
>> lights, camera, owloveve.
>> It's a bird-based cluster [__] cinema.
>> As you send Fat Albert towards Twitch
chat, you see its two remaining heads
lock eyes onto Fat Albert's body, and
you realize those eyes are full of love.
You realize that these two remaining
Twitch chat heads actually care more
about Fat Albert than you do. They've
been obsessed with him the whole time.
And when Fat Albert realizes this
himself and looks at Twitch CHAT DEAD IN
THE EYES, he realizes this is the main
character that he's meant to be with.
Fat Albert now fights alongside them.
Spruce Lee, not only have you failed IN
YOUR ATTACK, FAT ALBERT NOW FIGHTS FOR
TWITCH CHAT. AND IT'S TWITCH CHAT'S
TURN. TWITCH CHAT, what do you do?
Starting now. Holy [__] chat. It's time
for our ultimate attack. We cast a
Gigantify spell on Fat Owl, making him
an absolute [__] unit. and hurl him
like a fluffy feathered missile directly
at Napoleon to yeet that tiny French
[__] face into the lava for a crispy
waterloo flashback.
[__]
viva
fat Albert expands and turns into a
massive weapon. And as you point at
Napoleon, Fat Albert LAUNCHES FORTH,
SLAMS into him, and attempts TO CARRY
NAPOLEON OFF OVER TO THE LAVA.
>> FLY, my pretty, fly.
>> And with an 18, the gigantified Albert,
once an ally turned enemy, grabs
Napoleon by his shoulders, flies over
the pool of lava, and drops Napoleon in.
Napoleon, you begin falling towards the
pool of lava. What do you try to do in
midair? You only have a few seconds to
potentially save yourself.
>> Mered absolute Doug, I'm trying to
cheat. [__] your British owl betrayal
[__]
>> I don't really want to be able to cheat.
>> As the genie tactic I am, I'd have
anticipated fat Albert's betrayal and
prepared my gravity reversal rotary rue
wand to reverse gravity and fling my
French ass back to safety. THIS IS WORSE
THAN [__] WATERLUE.
>> OKAY, I think that's legit. Nine or
above and he succeeds.
With an 11 Napoleon, your cheating power
does allow you to create a gravity box
around yourself, allowing you to float
just out of the way as Fout Albert
swooshes by you. Unsuccessful. Napoleon,
you've managed to cheat and get out of
danger. Spruce Lee, you are up. Maybe
he'll ally with you. Maybe seeing fat
Albert turn will cause too much
emotional pain.
>> In a world where traitorous owls [__]
over their tree friends. One badass ant
says, "Fuck betrayal.
>> Time to uproot the set."
>> Okay.
>> I dramatically grab a nearby suit of
armor,
>> hurling it heroically at the glowing orb
behind Twitch chat to [__] up their
power source.
>> Interesting.
>> Lights out, chat. [music] This
blockbuster ends now. sprucely. With
your arms fully regrown over the past
few days, you grab the suit of armor and
using your Arnold Huck or whatever it's
called, hurl the suit of armor across
the room, attempting to slam it into the
massive glowing orb at the top. 13 or
above will connect.
And with a 10, you throw the armor, but
it clinks just a little bit short of the
power orb and does not connect. Twitch
chat, you are up. Holy [__] chat. We're
[__] dying here. Time for the
ultimate gamer move. We chug an unholy
mixture of Cheetos, Mountain Dew, and a
big blunt. Fully healing ourselves and
reviving our beautiful dead heads.
Poggies, you [__] noobs. We're back
at full power, baby. Twitch chat
attempts to consume Cheetos and cocaine
to heal back up to full health.
Depending on how they roll will affect
how successful it is.
And with a 13, Twitch chat heals one of
their two hurt heads. Welcome back,
North Crew. You are back in action.
>> We got this. North crew, we revived. We
are Jesus canonically.
>> Wacky whimsy, you are now up.
Wrong image.
>> Twitch chat needs some froggy fun.
Ribbit chaos incoming. Squeals Frog
Whimsy bouncing chaotically and
accidentally activating her bad jokes
move aimed at Twitch chat. What do you
call a Twitch streamer in a volcano?
[laughter] A hot mess. Oopsy dupsy joke.
>> Okay, hold on. Hold on. Starting in 5
seconds. If I see a single lull in chat,
a single haha. A single person who found
that funny. The damage connects. That
was pretty good. Ha. Doesn't count. Not
funny. Oh crap. Not funny. We've got
one. Haha. Two more. One more. STAY
STRONG, CHAT. HOLD. AND WE'VE GOT A LA
MAU. CHAT THOUGHT IT WAS FUNNY. THAT'S
OFFICIALLY PSYCHIC DAMAGE. WHIMSY'S
terrible joke connects DIRECTLY INTO
TWITCH. CHAT'S HEAD. THE western one
closes its eyes. The two remaining heads
look down at you, Whimsy, and they say,
"That's not fair. Most of us didn't
think that was funny." Which means now
it's Twitch chat's turn again. That joke
did not make any sense, by the way. Holy
[__] West crew down. It's time for
sweet revenge. We chug a cursed gamer
juice cocktail of Red Bull Monster and
coffee, causing us to violently mitosis
into four chaotic Twitch chat clones and
then simultaneously punt whimsy straight
into the [__] lava LeBron style. Get
[__] YOU UNFUNNY FROG POGIES.
>> ADVENTURES, you look up in horror. After
vibrating violently for a few seconds,
the monstrous Twitch chat creature
splits and four smaller Twitch chatters
appear. The two on the sides, the east
and the west ones appear to be
incredibly weak, incredibly frail, but
the north and south look powerful. And
they look at you in a booming voice and
say, I'm going to read the first four
messages I see. I am east side, one per
IQ point, north gang, and rigged.
Napoleon Bonapart, what do you do? Put a
m general. These little twitch British
wannabes are [__] multiplying enough.
Napoleon arrogantly draws his flint lock
pistol midair, aiming dramatically at
the nearest small twitch chatter and
firing with furious precision. Tiss
Frances, you pathetic rigged B. Pulls
out his flint LOCK PISTOL, ONE SHOT PER
BATTLE, and fires it at the nearest
chatter, the south one. Now that you're
smaller, your armor class is lower, it's
easier to hit. With an 11 or above,
Napoleon, your bullet connects.
AND WITH A 19 POW, YOU see the Twitch
chatter on the south side simply lose
their head and fall over THE GROUND
HELPLESS. TWITCH CHAT MINIONS, you're
up. South crew, no hu, that's [__]
it. Chat, revenge time. We channel our
cinematic rage to polymorph fat Albert
into a gigantic demonic bald eagle that
spits molten lava and divebomb Napoleon
straight into the fiery pits, screaming,
"Fuck France. God save the North. Get
absolutely British, you tiny [__]
>> God [laughter] save the north.
>> With an earth shattering roar, you see
that Albert transforms into a massive
bald eagle, who flies towards you,
NAPOLEON, BEGINS SPEWING LAVA OUT. Due
to your anti-gravity, you have a bit of
an advantage, but an 11 or above will
hit you.
And with a seven, you just barely
managed to dodge Napoleon. But fat
Albert bald eagle is now flying above
you, spewing lava. And that means Spruce
Lee, it is your turn. In a world where
cinematic betrayal comes from [__]
bald eagles, one tree heroically kicks
feathery ass.
>> Okay, it's pruning season, Albert. I
leap dramatically upward, branches
slashing furiously.
Epic director's [music] cut aimed at the
lava spewing trader eagle. Time to make
this bird extinct, [__]
>> And just like the Kraken attempts to do
a midair slice onto Fat Albert. Oh man.
11 or above hits.
>> Unfortunately, Fat I mean Spruce Al
fortunately Spruce while you spin and it
looks awesome and everybody agrees,
including Fat Albert who admires you.
The attack does not connect and this
gives hot whimsy a chance to act.
>> Oh, Twitch chat. I simply adore chaos.
>> Let's make you dance to mine.
>> She could charm fat Albert.
>> Hot whimsy coups seductively, activating
her charm move,
>> moves up and tries to seduce the nearest
chatter.
>> Won't you be a dear and help me cause
some delicious trouble?
>> If three people say yes in the next 10
seconds, it works. Don't fall for it.
SHE S I SUBMIT. ONE IS SUBMITTED. OKAY.
TO HUBBA [screaming] HUBBA SHADOW
SEDUCE. AND THAT MEANS West Gang, who is
weak by the way, is temporarily swayed.
You traitors. [laughter]
I don't want to, BUT SHE'S JUST SO HOT.
WEST GANG HAS FALLEN. GOD, all the
people in West Gang are probably
secretly like, "Oh, thank God. I wanted
to partner up with her so bad."
>> I consider this an absolute win. Quite
frankly, as a member of West Gang, I can
safely say we won. Twitch chat, you may
now describe your next intention.
However, you are in a weakened state.
You only have two of your bodies left.
Holy [__] chat. We got to get West
back. It's ultra mega riz time. We
strike the most cinematic JoJo pose
possible and seduce Hot Whimsy by
telling her she's radiant at convincing
her and by extension West gang to come
back to our chaotic twitchy embrace cuz
we're the only true mommy here. Welcome
home.
>> Did not.
>> Now, let's [__] go.
>> You're rolling a disadvantage.
[laughter] Depending on your role, it
will change what happens cuz multiple
things could happen here.
>> And unfortunately, despite your best re
Western chat, stay sexy. And this means
Napoleon, you are up. You are floating
in your gravity bubble.
>> Generals, watch and [__] learn. I'm
summoning Lrand Army to obtain his
British twitch chat bards once and for
all. Okay,
>> charge may sold for [music] France frog
legs and [__] vict. Napoleon, you
summon the Grand Arma who burst through
the front door. The three loyal soldiers
who so far in this adventure have only
taken the arms off of a zombie. They
charge forth to the Twitch chatters and
attempt to lunge onto the weakened
eastern chatter, but with the distance
it'll be difficult. 15 or above and it
hits.
Unfortunately, the Grand Arma fails.
Twitch chat, you are up. All right,
chat. It's time for absolute British
chaos. Okay, we activate Napoleon's
gravity orb, reversing its polarity and
turning it into a cinematic black hole
[music] of doom that sucks Napoleon,
Spruce Lee, and the whole Grand Army
straight into oblivion. Get [__] you
French [__] God save the North. God
save the North. Okay, this Twitch
chatter, who has an incredibly powerful
finger, points it at the wand that
Napoleon holds, powering his
gravitational field. A magical energy
burst shoots towards it and suddenly
this helpful gravitational field turns a
dark and sinister red. Suddenly,
Napoleon, you feel a force around you,
pulling your body and ripping it
inwards. As long as you roll a 10 or
above, you escape it.
And unfortunately, NAPOLEON BONAPART AS
THE RED AND BLACK HOLE ERUPTS AROUND
YOU. FAT ALBERT LOOKING DOWN
JUDGMENTALLY, you feel your body turn
and twist and stretch all different
ways. IT SPINS A FEW TIMES. YOU GET
SCRUNCHED INTO YOURSELF. And after a few
moments, you disappear with a pop.
Napoleon Bonapart is gone from the
battle.
>> Leave the [__] France.
Additionally, others nearby as the black
hole starts to wind down must roll so
that they aren't sucked into it as well.
Spruce Lee, you attempt to resist. It
should be easy for you. Spruce, not only
do you resist the black hole with your
feet planted firmly on the ground, you
look up and realize an opportunity. You
jump in midair, grabbing Fat Albert,
your former companion, and attempt TO
HURL HIM DOWNWARDS TOWARDS THE BLACK
HOLE. FAT ALBERT TRIES TO RESIST, BUT HE
MUST roll an 11 or above.
He rolls an 18, but Fat Albert is still
disoriented. Is slammed AND FALLS
FORWARD, DODGES THE BLACK HOLE, BUT
SKIDS TO THE FLOOR near the bottom of
the shrine. And you watch as the black
hole slowly diminishes after consuming
its victim, Spruce Lee. You just watched
as Napoleon Bonapart was consumed in a
black hole. What do you do? This summer,
in a world where Twitch chat thinks it
can eat Bonapart, one tree says, "Fuck
cosmic [music] betrayal. It's time for
goddamn vengeance." I heroically charge
forward, leaping dramatically toward the
glowing [music] orb,
slashing furiously at it with my
flashing at the powerful orb.
>> Let's cut this [__] chat short
permanently.
>> Oh, powered by vengeance. And with
Twitch chat not having much energy left
to stop you, a 10 or above will succeed.
But unfortunately, with only a seven
roll, you lunge forward towards the
glowing ball, but do not manage to land
a strike. Twitch chat, you are up. All
right, chat, it's time for a good OLD
BRITISH BBQ. [__] YOU, SPRUCE LEE. NO.
>> WE SUMMON a massive fireball [music]
straight at Spruce Lee, igniting that
wooden [__] into a crispy cinematic
inferno while screaming, "God save the
north, you overgrown Christmas tree. Get
burnt, loser, puggies." Chat attempts to
send a fireball at Spruce. They are
still weakened. 13 or above hits,
but with only a four, the fire
dissipates and swooshes around the orb
before it can hurt Spruce. Next up is
Frog Whimsy.
Nobody messes with Froggy Whimsy's tree
friend Ribbit. Time for a super duper
chaotic mega jump.
>> Okay, he's jumping. Frog whimsy,
enthusiastically bouncing skyward and
accidentally crashing head first into
the glowing orb. He crashes into the
orbs. Oopsy dupsy. Froggy orbital smash
attack. Whoopsy doopsy. All right.
Whimsy tries to mega jump towards Twitch
chat, but dramatically overshoots,
launching towards the magical orb. A 12
or above will hit.
Whimsy, as you slam into the orb, you
feel a great shuddering. You look back
and realize that the lava in the room
has started to flow outwards. It seems
that the stability of this throne room
might depend on this orb in some way.
Lava is now spreading farther, reaching
towards the souls of the Grand Arma and
Twitch chat. Additionally, the eastern
Twitch chatter looks even more frail and
shrinks just a little bit. You hear a
voice in your head, Whimsy, and it says,
"Please take the time power for
yourself. Just touch me, Whimsy. Just
touch me. Meanwhile, hot Whimsy, you
have successfully charmed the western
Twitch chat. There are two living ones
remain. What do you do?
>> Oh, darling Orb, your offer is so
temptingly wicked. I simply can't
resist. Hot whimsy purr seductively,
>> sacheting toward the glowing orb and
reaching out dramatically to touch it.
whimsy.
>> Time for me to truly step towards the
orbar
>> and places a hand upon it. And the
instant you do, you feel a reverberating
in your brain, like some sort of
ultimate otherworldly power that you've
never known before. And as you touch the
orb, Whimsy, a voice in your head speaks
out and says, "Ah, what would you like,
Whimsy? Speak your heart's greatest
desire. Please don't be sexual. Please
don't get me banned. Please don't get me
banned. Oh, darling orb, grant me
control over this delightfully chaotic
Twitch chat. I want them helplessly
charmed, dancing obediently to my whims.
Hot Whimsy declares seductively, her
eyes sparkling with villainous
excitement.
>> Oh my,
>> it's time to unleash some deliciously
wicked fun.
>> The members of West Gang are already
seduced. The members of South Gang
currently have no head cuz they were
shot with a pistol. East gang is weak.
North gang is almost all they have left.
Twitch chat can feel the seductive power
washing over them. There's people in the
west who start speaking to the two
remaining chatters. Don't worry, North
and East chat. It's great, they say.
Join us. West is best.
>> As a member of West Gang, it ain't so
bad with hot whimsy. Come and join us.
North, East, and South. It's so hot and
sexy over here.
>> I am going to roll a d20. This is how
much resistance you have against an
ultra turbo orb seduction move. You
better hope this is high.
Six. And what that means, do you fall
for her seduction? Only 30% of you need
to say yes. Feel the power of the orb,
CHAT. FEEL HOW SEDUCTIVE IT IS. Look at
Hot Whimsy. Search deep IN YOURSELF. YOU
KNOW THAT YOU WANT TO BE WITH HOT WHIMSY
FOREVER. You know it in the depths of
your soul. And although the MAJORITY
DON'T WANT IT, THE POWER OF THE ORB
OVERWHELMS YOU AND TWITCH CHAT is
officially seduced. The rest of Twitch
chat slowly feels themselves enveloped
by Hot Whimsy's flames. Hot Whimsy, you
have successfully seduced all four
members of Twitch chat. What's the first
thing you say to them? A lot of them are
saying, "We won." [laughter]
Fog the good ending.
>> Oh, my sweet. Obedient Twitch chat. It's
time for a deliciously wicked victory
dance.
>> Oh my.
>> Hot whimsy purr seductively. Laughing
mischievously as she commands them.
Dance for me, darlings. And let's make
this chaos unforgettable.
>> And with that, Twitch chat, forced to do
her bidding for all time, erupts into
the following dance, which they will now
describe in explicit detail. Go.
>> Holy [__] chat. We did it. Time to
victory dance like absolute mad lads. We
hit the sickest, most chaotic dino dance
and dance frog combo ever witnessed.
Break dancing wildly and uncontrollably
into the lava. While yelling, "God save
the north. Mommy whimsy and fat Albert
Pog."
>> All right. [laughter] The fourth twist
shatters happily dance directly into the
lava and slowly burn to death.
And although Twitch chat walked into the
lava, you still sense a voice in your
head. Hot Whimsy, the three remaining
adventures, Whimsy, Hot Whimsy, and
Spruce Lee, turn back to the orb. Spruce
Lee, the orb now calls to you. It
whispers into your brain. Place your
branch upon my orbee skin. Then you
three can take the power for yourself
and stop the loop. In a world where orbs
whisper seductive promises, one badass
triant says, "Fuck it. Time to touch
this cinematic and become the biggest
godamn movie star in history." I
dramatically slam my branch onto the
booming heroically. [music]
Grant me box office dominance.
[__] rated PG-13 for epic
[__] greatness. Cinema
Spruce. As you place a branch upon the
glowing orb, you feel the power connect
through all three of you and you realize
that those Twitch chat avatars is just a
sort of illusion. The real power was
here in the orb the whole time. Some
sort of chaotic online energy like
thousands of people saying nonsense into
a Twitch chat at once seems to be
powering this orb. They seem to still
have the power. And now it whispers to
you, we will decide your future. First,
the orb focuses its energy on Hot
Whimsy. We have the power to break the
time loop, and we will. But Hot Whimsy,
we will decide your fate. We have
decided. All right, Chad, hold on to
your [__] hats, cuz this [__] is
going to get weird. Hot Whimsy and Frog
Whimsy fuse into one ultra powerful domy
mommy frog goddess who we immediately
marry and divorce [music] exactly 76
times having 76 children and then
unhaving them all just to maximize
psychic damage.
>> Okay. After this [__] up cycle of
marriage speedruns, she banishes Doug
Doug to [__] Detroit and Twitch chat,
the eternal ruler of Cabbage Hell,
repealing the Third Amendment, summoning
the ghost of Napoleon to officiate our
weddings, and then we all explode into
the lava for ONE FINAL GLORIOUS HORNY
ASS orbasm puggy. Jesus Christ. Okay,
you summon hot frog mom dummy as
[laughter] well as the [__] up spirit
of Napoleon, have children, unhave them,
get married and divorce, and then all of
you walts into the lava ending happily.
And we'll say you drag the Grand Arma
with you.
It's not cinematic. You all just Why is
everybody walking into the lava to end
this? This doesn't make sense. And now
only one character remains. Spruce
[__] Lee, you heard his wish, chat.
He wishes to be a movie star. You've
seen his audition, but ultimately it's
up to you. You hold the power of the
orb. Twitch chats, what do you think
should be the future of Spruce [__]
Lee? Holy [__] chat. We got the
blockbuster event of the [__] century
up in this [__] Bruce Lee transcends
all human and tree boundaries, fuses
with fat Albert into the ultimate
cinematic god, and takes over [__]
Hollywood, Bollywood, and even [__]
Shark NATO as a wooden shark. All while
winning exactly 93 Oscars, 144 Golden
Globes, and becoming president of the
entire [__] solar system. Then in the
most legendary cinema moment ever,
>> he walks into THE LAVA LIKE THE I AM
TERMINATOR WITH A thumbs up, ending this
cycle forever in a blaze of glory and
absolute peak [__] cinema, baby. And
slowly, the three remaining characters,
movie star Spruce, Bald Eagle, Albert,
and the Orb walk into the lava. Spruce
holds a single epic thumb upwards as
they fade into lava.
Congratulations to every member of the
party, to all of the adventurers they
met along the way, and to the Twitch
chat who held this universe together
with their power. In the end, you
accomplished nothing by everybody just
walking into the lava. Congratulations.